it may be impossible to get a completely error - free corpus due to the nature of this kind of collaborative effort . however , if we encourage members to contribute sentences in their own languages rather than experiment in languages they are learning , we might be able to minimize errors .since there are usually multiple websites on any given topic , i usually just click the back button when i arrive on any webpage that has pop - up advertising . i just go to the next page found by google and hope for something less irritating .
if someone who doesn't know your background says that you sound like a native speaker , it means they probably noticed something about your speaking that made them realize you weren't a native speaker . in other words , you don't really sound like a native speaker .
" top - down economics never works , " said obama . " the country does not succeed when just those at the very top are doing well . we succeed when the middle class gets bigger , when it feels greater security . "
death is something that we're often discouraged to talk about or even think about , but i've realized that preparing for death is one of the most empowering things you can do . thinking about death clarifies your life .
a child who is a native speaker usually knows many things about his or her language that a non - native speaker who has been studying for years still does not know and perhaps will never know .
there are four main causes of alcohol - related death . injury from car accidents or violence is one . diseases like cirrhosis of the liver , cancer , heart and blood system diseases are the others .
a carbon footprint is the amount of carbon dioxide pollution that we produce as a result of our activities . some people try to reduce their carbon footprint because they are concerned about climate change .
it's still too hard to find a job . and even if you have a job , chances are you're having a tougher time paying the rising costs of everything from groceries to gas .
no matter how much you try to convince people that chocolate is vanilla , it'll still be chocolate , even though you may manage to convince yourself and a few others that it's vanilla .
i love trying out new things , so i always buy products as soon as they hit the store shelves . of course , half the time i end up wishing i hadn't .
five tremors in excess of magnitude 5 . 0 on the richter scale have shaken japan just this week , but scientists are warning that the largest expected aftershock has yet to hit .
you may not learn to speak as well as a native speaker , but you should be able to speak well enough that native speakers will understand what you have to say .
if one has the right to live , then one should also have the right to die . if not , then living is not a right , but an obligation .
what is old age ? first you forget names , then you forget faces , then you forget to pull your zipper up , then you forget to pull it down .
even at the end of the nineteenth century , sailors in the british navy were not permitted to use knives and forks because using them was considered a sign of weakness .
it was bad enough that he usually came to work late , but coming in drunk was the last straw , and i'm going to have to let him go .
" when does your sister come back from work ? " " i don't know , but i think she'll arrive at home a few minutes before me . "
a committee is a group of people who individually can do nothing , but who , as a group , can meet and decide that nothing can be done .
a man who has never gone to school may steal from a freight car , but if he has a university education , he may steal the whole railroad .
the more time you spend speaking a foreign language , the better you get at guessing what non - native speakers are trying to say in your own language .
" if you're tired , why don't you go to sleep ? " " because if i go to sleep now i will wake up too early . "
give a man a fish and you feed him for a day . teach a man to fish and you feed him for the rest of his life .
not long ago we heard a father say in the presence of his large family , " i don't want any of my boys to be lawyers . "
even now , i occasionally think i'd like to see you . not the you that you are today , but the you i remember from the past .
i used to watch this anime a lot when i was a kid , but i can't quite remember what happened to the hero in the final episode .
that proposal may be a way to kill two birds with one stone , but we also have to be careful not to get greedy and spoil everything .
the tatoeba project , which can be found online at tatoeba . org , is working on creating a large database of example sentences translated into many languages .
e - cigarettes are being promoted as a healthy alternative to tobacco cigarettes , but health authorities are concerned about the long - term health effects on users .
cats are like girls . if they talk to you it's great , but if you try to talk to them , it doesn't go so well .
since it will be cold soon , it might be nice to enjoy doing something outdoors the final few warm days we have before winter sets in .
he and i have a near - telepathic understanding of each other . no sooner does one of us say something than the other is already responding .
as you contribute more sentences to the tatoeba corpus in your native language , the percentage of sentences in your native language with errors will likely decrease .
when i woke up today , i yawned , stretched , rubbed the sleep out of my eyes , and put on a pair of slippers .
i know it's kind of late , but would you mind if i came over now ? i have something i need to discuss with you .
i know that it is highly unlikely that you'd ever want to go out with me , but i still need to ask at least once .
did you know that in japan , if you have a tattoo , you won't be allowed to bathe in many of the hot spring resorts ?
if you translate from your second language into your own native language , rather than the other way around , you're less likely to make mistakes .
the enquiry concluded that , despite his denials , the chief executive would have had to have known about the illegal practices occurring in the company .
when i got out of prison , i couldn't find a job anywhere near my home since no one would hire an ex - con .
i sometimes wish i could live a quiet retired sort of life but i doubt i could stand it for more than a few days .
i felt bad , so i was admitted into the hospital . however , it turned out that there was nothing really wrong with me .
the police drew an outline of a body at the scene of the crime to indicate how the body was lying when it was found .
a man touched down on the moon . a wall came down in berlin . a world was connected by our own science and imagination .
a chance to do as we please , especially to do as little hard work as possible , is a secret desire of almost everybody .
a lot of people who have up until now been spending money having a good time now need to be more careful with their money .
one of the best ways to help us is to translate from a foreign language you know into your own native language or strongest language .
although rainforests make up only two percent of the earth's surface , over half the world's wild plant , animal and insect species live there .
a good theory is characterized by the fact that it makes a number of predictions that could in principle be disproved or falsified by observation .
you say i should know him quite well , but as a matter of fact , i was introduced to him only last week .
we can't leave our tents on the beach where they are now . if we do , they'll be under water during high tide .
from the moment he arrived there , he kept on bothering his doctor to tell him when he would be able to go home .
i realize i may not be the most desirable man in the world , but i still hope you'll consider going out with me .
every time i make a mistake , i learn something . the challenge is not to keep making the same mistakes over and over .
if you don't want to put on sunscreen , that's your problem . just don't come complaining to me when you get a sunburn .
i had never eaten any kind of thai food , so i was pretty excited about going to a thai restaurant with my grandmother .
it's very easy to sound natural in your own native language , and very easy to sound unnatural in your non - native language .
if you don't eat breakfast , you'll probably be hungry during the morning and won't be as efficient at work as you could be .
one way to lower the number of errors in the tatoeba corpus would be to encourage people to only translate into their native languages .
" how much did you pay for this ? " " about 20 euros . " " wow ! that's incredibly cheap . "
a study found that almost 10 % of men were obese in 2008 . that was up from about 5 % in 1980 .
i'd like to ask you a question , but if this is a bad time , i can come back at another time .
" when poverty comes in the door , love flies out the window " is a saying as old as it is sad .
i think that tom and only tom can do it . however , some people think that mary could do it , too .
i have a lot to do today , so if you don't mind , i'd like to have this discussion at another time .
before i get out of bed , i spend a little time thinking about what i'll be doing the rest of the day .
i know it doesn't look like it , but i've actually gotten rid of a lot of stuff out of the spare room .
after the hatchet job my boss did on my proposal , i'm not sure how long i want to keep on working here .
next time i switch jobs , i need work that will let me make use of the experience i've gained up to now .
during hard times , people might not go on a trip , but they might be willing to pay extra for good coffee .
thomas a . edison so loves his work that he sleeps an average of less than four hours of each twenty - four .
tom told me that mary was good at playing the piano , but i didn't really believe him until i heard her play .
the man who makes but one mistake a year because he makes but two decisions is wrong fifty per cent of the time .
nobody has asked you to agree , but can't you at least accept that there are people who hold different views from you ?
the people crowded round the injured man , but they made way for the doctor when he reached the scene of the accident .
since i've been on this diet , my weight is down , my cholesterol is down and my sleep apnea has completely disappeared .
never choose a vocation just because your friends are in it , nor refuse another just because your worst enemy is in it .
when we hear of a divorce we assume that it was caused by the inability of those two people to agree upon fundamentals .
according to the contract you may take three days of bereavement leave for your uncle's funeral , but only one for your nephew's .
" give me something to write with . " " will this do ? " " yes , it will do . "
" let's go to the movies next time . " " what makes you think there will be a next time ? "
" why have you started learning to play the piano ? " " because i want to be a music teacher . "
he is likely to have a book and a cracker at his meals - - and then forget to eat the cracker !
if you want to lose weight , the best thing to do is to eat properly and get a lot of exercise .
it looks like the question was too easy for you . next time , i'll have to make it a bit harder .
as soon as i can get my son to scan our family photos , i'll upload some of them to our website .
i wasn't really doing much of anything , so i decided it'd be a good idea to walk down to the cafe .
i'm begging you . don't make me laugh . i did too many sit - ups yesterday and my stomach muscles hurt .
if you were a spy trying to pass as a native speaker and said it that way , you'd likely get caught .
no matter how busy tom gets , he never forgets to write an email to his mother at least once a week .
you should make sure that you get there on time . tom won't wait more than ten minutes if you are late .
i never see a library without wishing i had time to go there and stay till i had read everything in it .
tom thinks he knows how much money mary makes , but mary makes quite a bit more than tom thinks she does .
a lot of people would like to become famous . however , a lot of famous people wish they weren't so famous .
i'd love to be a fly on the wall at the meeting of the senior executives about the future of the company .
my friend likes to live in the city , but his wife prefers to live in their little cottage in the country .
tom wondered if mary would think that eight in the morning was too early for him to open a bottle of wine .
we still have more than halfway to go to get to the top of the mountain . are you really already exhausted ?
incidentally , this room doesn't have anything like an air conditioner . all it has is a hand - held paper fan .
if you are a parent , don't allow yourself to set your heart on any particular line of work for your children .
the best thing about working in a team is that , when something goes wrong , you can always blame someone else .
a person will have the face of an angel when borrowing something , but the face of the devil when returning it .
i honestly think it's better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate .
we're going to make sure that no one is taking advantage of the american people for their own short - term gain .
i know you're upset about your car being totaled , but you weren't injured and you should be thankful to be alive .
notice the hands of the people you meet and you will be surprised to see how different and how interesting they are .
police are urging people not to pick up hitchhikers as they search for two prisoners on the run after escaping from jail .
for the crime of first degree murder , this court hereby sentences you to life in prison without the possibility of parole .
the teacher supervising the playground became concerned when she saw a man talking to some of the children over the school fence .
cities and provinces along the yangtze river in central china are grappling with the country's worst drought in more than 50 years .
" have you ever been to new york ? " " yes , i've been there a couple of times . "
" how about a cup of coffee ? " " i'd like to , but i have a previous engagement . "
i like pigs . dogs look up to us . cats look down on us . pigs treat us as equals .
" just go in and tell the boss you want a raise . " " that's easier said than done . "
she bought him a dog . however , he was allergic to dogs , so they had to give it away .
i said all along that he was not a person to be trusted , but you would not listen to me .
people say that i dream every night , but if i do , i can't ever remember any of my dreams .
i know some of you want to go back to the way things were , but that's not going to happen .
she asked him to help her father clean the garage , but he said that he was too busy to help .
since this is your neck of the woods , maybe you can tell us where to find a good pizza joint .
the u . s . department of health says people should exercise at least two and a half hours a week .
if you want to achieve the kind of success that i think you do , then you'll have to study harder .
apart from a filing tray full of papers on the desk , everything else in the room was on the floor .
i told you not to play your cello late at night , but you did and now the neighbors have complained .
the handyman was supposed to arrive at twelve noon , but got stuck in a traffic jam for a few hours .
you can accelerate as much as you want , but since the car's in neutral , we won't be going anywhere .
if you spend too much time in the sun without putting on sunscreen , you are likely to get a sunburn .
you get tired of a beautiful woman after three days . you get used to an ugly woman after three days .
from the position of the wounds on the body , the police could tell that the attacker was left - handed .
she advised him to take a long holiday , so he immediately quit work and took a trip around the world .
when i visited my hometown this summer , i found the city different from what it had been ten years ago .
between meals , he usually manages to stow away a generous supply of candy , ice cream , popcorn and fruit .
since there are rice paddies near my house , i often hear frogs croaking all night long this time of year .
people often lie about what they did on the weekend , so their friends won't realize how boring they really are .
someone told me that albert einstein said , " common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen . "
getting your message across is much more important than trying to say it exactly like a native speaker would say it .
this is a time of year when people get together with family and friends to observe passover and to celebrate easter .
the bottom 40 % of the u . s . population has only 0 . 3 % of the wealth .
" where have you been ? " " i have been to the station to see a friend off . "
i arrived at the stadium at 4 : 00 p . m . , but the game had already started .
if there was just 1 , 000 yen more , he would have taken 10 , 000 yen in total .
don't bother waking me up at 4 : 00 a . m . i don't plan to go fishing tomorrow .
in the u . s . , it is common for people to write a check instead of paying cash .
" who will be coming to the party ? " " a few friends and four or five colleagues . "
i don't know if it will be fine tomorrow , but if it is fine we'll go on a picnic .
i have to be honest . i was a little bit nervous the first time i had an mri scan .
i know what time you said to be there , but i wasn't able to be there at that time .
i can't tell you . it's a secret and if i told you , it wouldn't be a secret anymore .
i had a lot of gumption when i was young , but now it seems to have all petered out .
in our next class , we will study the days of the week , the months , and the seasons .
i suppose you want to ask me how i was able to make so much money in so little time .
whether you believe it or not , i want to get this thing over with as much as you do .
a dance will be held in the school auditorium this friday evening from 7 : 30 to 10 : 00 .
there are two kinds of work in the world - - head work and hand work ; mental and manual .
now for my next number , i'd like to play a song for you that i learned from my father .
in japan , we still sometimes see someone use an abacus , but not as often as we used to .
you may not be in the mood to hear this now , but i need to tell you something important .
she advised him to see the dentist , but he said that he didn't have enough time to do so .
" everything accomplished starts with the dream of it , " is a saying we all know to be true .
i am staying with my uncle for the time being , but later i will move to a small apartment .
i'm a non - native speaker of english and realize there is a lot that i still need to learn .
there were many things that we wanted to do , but we never got around to doing many of them .
even though my friend was a vegetarian , i didn't tell him that the soup had some meat in it .
he writes a daily journal , and that inspired me to try doing the same thing , but in english .
to laugh at everything that is done or said is stupid , but not to laugh is even more foolish .
i can't help but feel that if we had gotten to know each other better , we'd have been friends .
i tried explaining the algebra homework to him , but it just went in one ear and out the other .
if we were supposed to talk more than listen , we would have been given two mouths and one ear .
it's my fault that the cake was burned . i was talking on the phone and didn't notice the time .
we humans have a great way of twisting facts to fit our conclusion as soon as we have made one .
i thought a bunch of people would go water skiing with us , but absolutely no one else showed up .
people can begin to love when they choose , but they have no choice when it comes to ending love .
i have no strong opinion about the matter , so whatever the majority thinks is good is ok with me .
sooner or later , every parent has to have a talk with their children about the birds and the bees .
when your friends begin to flatter you on how young you look , it's a sure sign you're getting old .
girls begin puberty around the ages of ten to eleven , and boys around the ages of eleven to twelve .
giving up smoking is the easiest thing in the world . i know because i've done it thousands of times .
the bank had the gall to charge a late fee for a payment held up when their online services crashed .
when you watch television or listen to the radio , the music which you hear is often african in origin .
poverty does more to bring out the worst in people and conceal the best than anything else in the world .
some people think that it is difficult for a native speaker of english to learn chinese , but i disagree .
last year , i spent so much time by myself that i almost forgot how to communicate effectively with others .
nothing will determine our success as a nation in the 21st century more than how well we educate our kids .
a few people mentioned they would like to attend some sessions later in the day on the technical session agenda .
consider the successes that have been achieved by tired , discouraged people who decided to give it one more try .
every student who has graduated from our university has studied english with a native speaker for at least two years .
the difference between the right word and almost the right word is the difference between lightning and the lightning bug .
food prices are at their highest level since the united nations food and agriculture organization began keeping records in 1990 .
" did you find any dirt on him ? " " no , he's clean as a whistle . "
getting up at 6 a . m . was hard at first , but now i'm used to it .
" i would love to go to the dance with you . " " really ? you would ? "
i had a part - time job as a hotel maid , but i didn't like it very much .
" how far is it from here to your school ? " " it's about ten minute's walk . "
i held onto the rope for as long as i could , but i finally had to let go .
" i'm not accustomed to working day and night . " " you'll soon get used to it . "
" thank you , i'd love to have another piece of cake , " said the shy young man .
if a man had 11 sheep and all but 9 died , how many sheep would he have left ?
it was almost a decade ago , on may 8th , 1980 , that mount st . helens erupted .
i used to use twitter , but then found it a bit boring , so i stopped using it .
i was the last one to start in the race , but i soon caught up with the others .
in the automotive industry of the 1970's , japan beat the u . s . at its own game .
you say you want to go to boston ? why in the world would you want to go there ?
a man with a watch knows what time it is , a man with two watches is never sure .
in the winter , i like to stay at home near the fire and listen to the wind blow .
by postponing what you have to do , you run the risk of never being able to do it .
when tom opened the door , he saw mary standing there with a six - pack and a pizza .
i may not know a lot , but i do know that tom doesn't know what he's talking about .
the more time i spend doing this , the less time i have to do things i enjoy doing .
i spend as much time working in the garden in one day as my brother does in a week .
i'm begging you , before freaking out on me listen to the end of what i have to say .
the more time you spend talking about what you do , the less time you have to do it .
after she lost her job , she couldn't afford to feed her dogs , so she gave them away .
the less there is to justify a traditional custom , the harder it is to get rid of it .
i don't need to sound like a native speaker , i just want to be able to speak fluently .
i guess what i've said isn't all that clear , but that's the only way i can explain it .
he can't tell a cherry tree from a plum tree , but he can name them in twelve languages .
i never for a moment imagined that i would still be doing this kind of thing at my age .
tom put his ear to the door in an effort to overhear what mary was saying on the phone .
tom's the kind of person who calls a spade a spade and a lot of people don't like that .
eat a live frog every morning , and nothing worse will happen to you the rest of the day .
i hope all but one of your dreams come true , so you always have something to strive for .
i saw many people who had no clothes and i saw many clothes which had no people in them .
laughter is like a windshield wiper . it can't stop the rain , but it lets you move ahead .
these three hours of driving have worn me out . let's stop at the first rest area we see .
almost the only time a fat man loses his temper is when he has been deprived of his food .
please don't make me laugh . i did too many sit - ups yesterday and my stomach muscles hurt .
i always thought that a stroke was one of nature's ways to tell you that it's time to die .
i began driving our tractor when i was 12 years old to help my father out at harvest time .
most of the time , he doesn't get to sleep before two or even three o'clock in the morning .
sorry , but it all came about so suddenly that i haven't got a handle on the situation yet .
tom has enough money to buy any computer in this store . he just needs to decide which one .
when tom was a kid , he became obsessed with the girl who lived across the street from him .
i like this picture , not just because it is famous , but because it really is a masterpiece .
when we started out , we realized that if we didn't have a good product , we wouldn't succeed .
i never thought this rubber band would come in handy when i put it in my pocket this morning .
the man in charge of the merry - go - round decided to make sure everything was working properly .
when we started out , our band could only find small clubs in small cities that would hire us .
abraham lincoln , the 16th president of the united states , was born in a log cabin in kentucky .
i realize that this may sound crazy , but i think i've fallen in love with your younger sister .
in the united states , it takes a minimum of eight years of college to become a medical doctor .
when you meet someone for the first time , be careful about how close you stand to that person .
for some reason , people have been avoiding me like the plague ever since i got back from india .
tom did not want to throw anything away because he thought that he might need it in the future .
we have considered your proposal , and we have decided that we are not able to reduce the price .
when out at sea , to keep the fish that is caught from spoiling , it is immediately refrigerated .
going to church doesn't make you a christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car .
i thought doing this would be easy , but we've been working all day and we're still not finished .
most of the plain , simple , everyday things he desires can be secured by people of average means .
since i haven't received an answer , i was wondering if maybe my mail never got delivered to you .
from personal experience , i know that any encounter with him will leave a bad taste in your mouth .
i think it's unlikely that the next version of windows will come out before the end of this month .
tom told mary that he thought a hippopotamus could run at a speed of about 30 kilometers per hour .
it never occurred to me to take a picture of how the garden looked before we started pulling weeds .
you will never get far without the co - operation , confidence and comradeship of other men and women .
he insists on things being done in the most efficient way and he usually does them that way himself .
i think it's unlikely that aliens similar to what we see in the movies have ever visited our planet .
there have been a lot of complaints from consumers that our products don't last as long as we claim .
the body and the mind of man are so closely bound together that whatever affects one affects the other .
some superstitious people in america believe that if a black cat crosses your path , you'll have bad luck .
tom is respected in the business community because he is always fair and square in his dealings with others .
the police suspected there was a connection between the abandoned car and the dead body found three miles away .
he is inclined to look at everything from the standpoint of its practicality and is neither stingy nor extravagant .
we should spend our time creating content for our website rather than wasting time worrying about minor cosmetic details .
the english language is undoubtedly the easiest and at the same time the most efficient means of international communication .
breakfast is served from 7 : 30 a . m . to 11 : 00 a . m .
" do you mind if i use your phone ? " " no , please go ahead . "
" what kind of beer do you want ? " " what do you have on tap ? "
" shall i have him call you when he gets back ? " " yes , please . "
" what's going on in the cave ? i'm curious . " " i have no idea . "
a quarterly growth of 1 . 2 % means an annual growth rate of 4 . 8 % .
" do you like sports ? " " yes , i like baseball , among other things . "
" give me something to write with . " " will this ball - point pen do ? "
" will you be at my party tomorrow night ? " " i'll try to be there . "
" i don't have time to spend with my kids . " " you should make time . "
as long as i'm going to be in london , i ought to see a play or two .
if you go by bus , you can get there in about one - third of the time .
" do you know when they will arrive ? " " at eleven - thirty this evening . "
" are scientists close to cloning a human being ? " " not by a long shot . "
" i've only had two boyfriends . " " oh , i have two boyfriends right now . "
could you remind me to call my academic advisor at 9 : 00 p . m . tomorrow ?
if you agree to buy 3 , 000 of them , we'll give you a 3 percent discount .
i can put up with a house being untidy , but i don't like it to be dirty .
i knew i had to tell him the truth , but i couldn't bring myself to do it .
i understand how much you want to go to the party , but i can't let you go .
you say you want to visit tom ? why in the world would you want to do that ?
as a result of a traffic jam , he wasn't able to see her off at the station .
she owes him a lot of money , but she probably won't be able to pay it back .
we spent all of that night , the next day , and the next night in the cellar .
you speak a bit too fast for me . could you speak a bit more slowly , please ?
everywhere he went , he taught love , patience , and most of all , non - violence .
as a rule of thumb , you should plan on one pound of beef for every two guests .
tom knew deep down that it was all his fault , but he wasn't about to admit it .
you could at least try to be a bit more polite , even though it's not like you .
you may not agree with him , but at least he stands up for what he believes in .
it'll take some time , but i think i'll be able to learn how to play the guitar .
tom thought that mary wanted him to kiss her , but he wasn't sure , so he didn't .
when my wife's friend comes to visit , i find it hard to get a word in edgeways .
he says that he saw nothing . however , i don't believe what he says is the truth .
it will be a great pleasure for me to translate the story and to read it to you .
i didn't know the city , and what's more , i couldn't speak a word of the language .
it is better to be a coward for five minutes than dead for the rest of your life .
we went to the theater early , so we could be sure that everyone could get a seat .
a few years ago , in san francisco , a young woman came to us for vocational advice .
after reflecting on my life up to now , i decided that i needed to change my goals .
as is often the case with young men , he does not pay much attention to his health .
he got up quickly , splashed cold water on his face , brushed his teeth , and shaved .
i met an old man who says that he's never eaten at a restaurant in his whole life .
i never for a moment imagined i'd be able to afford to live in such a fancy house .
if your schedule permits , let ’ s tentatively plan on meeting tomorrow at 2 : 00 pm .
roger miller was born on january 2 , 1936 in the western city of fort worth , texas .
what with good fortune , and his own effort , he won the first prize in the contest .
you may be able to pass unnoticed in a city , but in a village that's not possible .
as soon as i can get a decent video camera , i'll start making videos to put online .
if you want to sell your old sofa , why not put an advertisement in the local paper ?
the heart itself is nothing more nor less than a large , tough , leather - like muscle .
we found a glitch in the program that will have to be dealt with before we move on .
when i was in school , left - handed kids were forced to write with their right hands .
i know you've been waiting a long time , but could you wait just a little bit longer ?
the more you look , the more you will see , and the more interesting they will become .
tom and mary were speaking in french , so i had no idea what they were talking about .
i am wondering if you would like to go and see kabuki with me while staying in japan .
i hope you know that the last thing i want to do is go there without your permission .
if you guys aren't doing anything later , why don't you come over for a cup of coffee ?
in any case i just want to make clear that the fact that these are not normal people .
it was after a meeting in america that he decided to write a book for non - scientists .
don't you want to put in another disc ? we've been listening to this one for two hours .
she asked him to give her some money so she could go to a restaurant with her friends .
sooner or later , someone is going to have to tell tom that he needs to behave himself .
when it comes to my supervisor , he's very inconsistent , so we never get any work done .
why don't we just reformat the hard disk ? you've been having a lot of trouble with it .
i don't think i'll ever sound like a native speaker and i don't really think i need to .
if there is nothing near them that needs doing , they are sure to go and find something .
if we don't have a solution , the least we can do is acknowledge that there's a problem .
the first time you meet people , you should be careful about how near you stand to them .
i used to think that only bears hibernate , but the teacher said that turtles do as well .
the u . s . secretary of state is trying to broker a ceasefire between the warring parties .
tom got out of the bathtub and dried himself with the new towel that mary had given him .
you only really need to sound exactly like a native speaker if you want to become a spy .
i shoot the rabbits in my garden with a squirt gun to keep them away from the vegetables .
since i have no children , i have more time to spend doing volunteer work than parents do .
you're the only person i know who doesn't take some kind of medicine at least once a week .
as a rule , i prefer people who deal with matters of this kind directly with those involved .
i suggest you have a native speaker read over your report to make sure there are no errors .
the rabbit stood in the middle of the road , mesmerized by the lights of the oncoming truck .
a " renovator's dream " in real estate parlance generally means that the place is a real dump .
according to legend , ghosts would appear in that forest , so people would not set foot there .
after i graduated from college , i moved back home and lived with my parents for three years .
bear in mind that , under such circumstances , we have no alternative but to find another buyer .
if camping doesn't float your boat , then you probably don't want to spend the weekend with us .
the wizened , old sorcerer took me under his wing and taught me everything he knew about magic .
there's nothing more annoying than a group of young girls all trying to talk at the same time .
you don't know until you've had a child what pain you can feel when something happens to them .
a motel is like a hotel only much smaller and is used mostly by people traveling by automobile .
the world was on the very brink of nuclear war during the cuban missile crisis in october 1962 .
acidification of the ocean will , in time , threaten the very existence of the great barrier reef .
she would often bring home table scraps from the restaurant where she worked to feed to her dog .
to have more than one problem before him at one time makes him irritable , upset and exasperated .
i've kept my weight down even though many of my friends have gained weight as they've grown older .
you know that your english is good when people stop complimenting you on how good your english is .
chinese officials say economic growth has dropped to a three - year low because of the world economy .
since in this organization they're all chiefs and no indians , it's a wonder any decisions get made .
a high proportion of crime in any country is perpetrated by young males in their teens and twenties .
unless you started learning english as a child , you're unlikely to ever sound like a native speaker .
i looked in my closet for something to wear , but couldn't find anything appropriate for the occasion .
the natives of the north - west pacific coast of america were probably descendants of tribes from asia .
despite the government ’ s protection , he was the victim of an assassination attempt which killed him .
visible from space , the great barrier reef is the largest structure on earth made by living organisms .
disconnect the power cable from the modem , wait for approximately one minute , then reconnect the cable .
the world's greatest singers and most of its famous musicians have been fat or at least decidedly plump .
her sewing basket , dresser drawers and pantry shelves are all systematically arranged in apple - pie order .
the questions came fast and furious from the large number of reporters who had gathered outside the courthouse .
even though computer programmers may use semicolons every day , nowadays most people only use semicolons for emoticons .
" may i help you ? " " no , thank you . i'm just looking . "
even though there was a no u - turn sign , i made a u - turn .
i got up at 4 : 00 , ate some food , then went back to sleep .
" i'm not interrupting anything , am i ? " " no , of course not . "
she had already gone to bed when i phoned her at 11 : 00 p . m .
" this used to be such a friendly place . " " tell me about it . "
" how did you get in here ? " " i climbed in through the window . "
with the t . v . on , how can you keep your mind on your studies ?
" what's happening in the cave ? i'm curious . " " i have no idea . "
i had a few hours free , so i sat under a tree and read a book .
" now and then i think of divorcing him . " " you must be kidding ! "
i didn't know how to do it , but i was willing to give it a try .
" why are you going to japan ? " " to attend a conference in tokyo . "
i have done the best i could to help you . the rest is up to you .
i am looking for a part - time job so i can buy a new video camera .
i told her that if i could be of any use i would be glad to help .
i'd like to make a call to tokyo , japan . the number is 3202 - 5625 .
he can't swim at all , but when it comes to skiing , he is the best .
" the good die young " is an old saying which may or may not be true .
i don't care how much you want it . i'm not going to give it to you .
the house is too big for us , and what is more , it is too expensive .
i haven't seen you for a long time . come and see me once in a while .
it's a good idea , to be sure , but it's hard to put it into practice .
no matter how hard i try , i will never be able to catch up with him .
we did our best to help him , but he didn't so much as say thank you .
even if the sun were to rise in the west , i would not change my mind .
sorry , but i have to hurry . i have no time to explain this in detail .
you must kneel at my feet , kiss my hand and swear that i am an angel .
he said that he was busy then , but that he would be free the next day .
i am going in the same direction . come with me . i will take you there .
i want to do some bass fishing , but i don't know what to use for bait .
when i take a deep breath , a pain runs down the right side of my back .
mary told tom to go easy on the ice cream if he didn't want to get fat .
when i speak to a westerner , i have to shift mental gears , so to speak .
a car that you never took out of the garage would be of no value to you .
no matter how hard you try , you won't be able to finish that in one day .
she was busy knitting . in the meantime , he was taking a nap by the fire .
the only way to handle him is to let him think he is having his own way .
he claims to be a socialist , and yet he has two houses and a rolls royce .
i wanted to let you know about that , but tom told me not to say anything .
i don't know my address yet , i'm going to stay with my friend for a while .
rather than doing any good , the rain did a great deal of harm to the crop .
after asking for my key at the front desk , i took the elevator to my floor .
all of us have some interest in history . in a sense , we are all historians .
for the first time in more than 6 years , the unemployment rate is below 6 % .
i know someone needs to tell tom about mary's death . does it have to be me ?
i thought it might be a good idea for us to get together and talk about it .
if you want to become thin , you should cut back on the between - meal snacks .
it doesn't make much sense to me , but tom has decided not to go to college .
just give me some time . i'm sure i can figure out how to solve the problem .
now that my brother is a university student , he has to do a lot of reading .
since i was sick for a week , i am making every possible effort to catch up .
after a hectic few days at work , tom is looking forward to a change of pace .
even if you go far away , let's keep in touch with each other over the phone .
hopefully , tom won't be as crazy as the rest of his family when he grows up .
if only i'd been a couple of years older , they would've let me into the bar .
if you only had one more week to live , what would you spend your time doing ?
it would take me too much time to explain to you why it's not going to work .
during my early teens , i was not always on the best of terms with my parents .
i have something that belongs to you . why don't you come over and pick it up ?
i want each of you to take out a piece of paper and write down what happened .
i was unwilling to agree to the proposal , but it seemed that i had no choice .
if for some reason a man stopped thinking , that man would no longer be a man .
if it had not been for your raincoat , i would have been drenched to the skin .
if you eat three square meals a day , your body will have the energy it needs .
it would be nice if you had a wedge of lime i could squeeze into my icewater .
my friend has had three jobs in a year ; he never sticks to anything for long .
no matter how hard you may study , you cannot master english in a year or two .
through his own efforts and a bit of luck , he won first prize in the contest .
why is it so hard for people to understand that i just want to be left alone ?
i might have done well on yesterday's test , but i do not know the results yet .
i'll let you off this time , but i don't ever want to catch you stealing again .
i'm sorry that i haven't been able to be here for you like i should have been .
i'm the type who gets nervous in front of people , so i'm bad at speech making .
if you eat a light lunch , you're likely to avoid a mid - afternoon energy slump .
as for me , i am not satisfied with the result of the examination the other day .
by the way , did you have any spare time to go sightseeing while you were there ?
i don't object to your going out to work , but who will look after the children ?
i like this picture , not because it is a masterpiece , but because it has charm .
i remember it as if it were yesterday , but in reality it was fifteen years ago .
if you forget to take your pills for one day , take two pills the following day .
oh my gosh ! you're the last person i expected to meet in a situation like this .
on behalf of the company , i would like to express our hearty thanks to you all .
she got the money from him even though he said that he wouldn't give it to her .
she sold all of her furniture , so she could afford to feed herself and her dog .
the whole company stood in silence for a few moments , as a tribute to the dead .
tom wanted to ask mary how old she was , but he thought that maybe he shouldn't .
he soon grows tired of a thing regardless of how much he liked it to begin with .
i admit he's smart , but does he have to talk over everyone's heads all the time ?
i've heard that it is best to always feed your dog at a specific time every day .
if my house were a mansion , i would invite everyone i know to my birthday party .
my band will perform this week at chuck's bar and grill . please come and see us .
she was asked to convince him to get his son or someone else to paint the house .
the press can't ignore us forever . sooner or later , they'll do a story about us .
his dress is that of gentleman , but his speech and behavior are those of a clown .
i've had a slight sore throat since this morning . i wonder if i've caught a cold .
taking all things into consideration , i have made up my mind to give up the idea .
what scared tom the most was the thought that he might not be able to walk again .
after spending hours out in the cold winter wind , my skin got all chapped and dry .
if it had not been for your foolishness , we would never have been in that trouble .
it's no wonder tom's sleeping poorly ; he drinks up to twelve cups of coffee a day .
of all the things tom did last weekend , he says that windsurfing was the most fun .
at the time of the accident , almost all of the passengers on the bus were sleeping .
i wanted to discuss this with you yesterday , but you didn't seem to want to listen .
i'm thinking of going somewhere for a change of air , since my doctor advises me to .
it used to be that people thought it was necessary to eat three square meals a day .
now you've mentioned it , i remember coming here with my parents when i was a child .
that's a funny thing about people like you , you don't want to get your hands dirty .
the grenade blew up before the terrorist could throw it , and his arm was blown off !
the teacher wrote something on the blackboard , but it was too small for me to read .
her car might be more pleasant to drive , but it also costs her more for maintenance .
i thought we had eaten everything in the house , but i found another box of crackers .
i'm really looking forward to next march , when they roll out the new play station 2 .
if my wife calls , just tell her i'm in an important meeting and cannot be disturbed .
if you want something to be done right , sometimes you've just got to do it yourself .
the more guests there are , the more difficult it is to keep a surprise party secret .
tom claims he doesn't watch much tv , but he watches more than three hours every day .
tom laughed at some of mary's jokes , but he thought some of them weren't very funny .
all things considered , i think you should go back home and take care of your parents .
daddy , let's make faces at each other and see who can keep from laughing the longest .
everybody was obeying the speed limit , so i knew there was likely a speed trap ahead .
he turned the bottle upside down and shook it , but still the honey wouldn't come out .
i finally have time to reply to the mail that i have received these past three weeks .
i know it's not true , but it definitely seems like the sun revolves around the earth .
i'd like to ask you some questions about some of the people you have working for you .
my father always speaks to me in french and my mother always speaks to me in english .
unless we find some way to drum up more business , bankruptcy will be our only option .
you should make sure that you have enough money in your pocket to pay for the ticket .
hundreds of people marry each year who have known each other only a few days or weeks .
i can go months without an alcoholic drink , but not even one hour without a cigarette .
i don't think that there is any better way to learn english than by living in america .
it seems that the policeman in this tv series is a dirty cop who abuses his authority .
it's not always possible to eat well when you are traveling in this part of the world .
plan for the future because that's where you are going to spend the rest of your life .
when a native speaker tries to help me sound more like a native speaker , i'm thankful .
he was making a speech , but he abruptly stopped speaking when he heard a strange noise .
i don't think i've ever done anything that would cause my parents to want to punish me .
i would like to drastically decrease the amount of time it takes me to clean the house .
he has a reputation as being straight as an arrow . he'd never get involved in corruption .
i'm getting little pimples on my face . i wonder if i've been getting enough sleep lately .
tom certainly had a point when he said we should allow more time to complete the project .
tom killed mary because he found out she had started the fire that had killed his family .
bodybuilding is his hobby so he has a very firm tight body with lots of muscle definition .
if cleopatra's nose had been shorter , the whole face of the world would have been changed .
to improve your fluency , you should try speaking with native speakers as often as you can .
tom doesn't like mary . however , she doesn't particularly care whether he likes her or not .
you're the only person i know besides me who is actually interested in this kind of thing .
at the party , one of his political opponents humiliated him in the presence of many guests .
don't come to me now with that . you should have said something when it originally happened .
there were many things that needed my attention , so i didn't get home until after midnight .
this figure is supposed to represent marilyn monroe , but i don't think it does her justice .
67 % of those who never smoked said they worried about the health effects of passive smoking .
a slightly lower interest rate could save thousands of dollars over the life of a home loan .
a little knowledge of spanish will go a long way toward making your trip to mexico enjoyable .
certainly he is handsome and intelligent , but there is something about him that i can't like .
the only thing that matters is whether or not your teacher thinks your report is good enough .
tom insisted he hadn't been drinking , but his slurred speech and unsteady gait gave him away .
by the end of the century , the earth will have experienced a dramatic increase in temperature .
in conversation , one is likely to find out certain things about the other person quite easily .
we very often only come to appreciate someone or our relationship with them when we lose them .
mary likes to wear clothes with vertical stripes , because she heard they make you look thinner .
mozart wrote brilliant , complex musical compositions as easily as you or i would write a letter .
culture plays a dynamic role in shaping an individual's character , attitude , and outlook on life .
if you calculate the electric field using this equation , the result comes out like the following .
when you have eliminated the impossible , whatever remains , however improbable , must be the truth .
i heard that one way to stay healthy is to avoid eating any food with unpronounceable ingredients .
some people clung to tree branches for several hours to avoid being washed away by the floodwaters .
the press has been hounding the president nonstop about reneging on his promise not to raise taxes .
tom did everything within his power to save the children that were trapped in the burning building .
every student of biology , anatomy , anthropology , ethnology or psychology is familiar with these facts .
what's important isn't which university you've graduated from , but what you learned while you were there .
i can't believe that you aren't at least willing to consider the possibility that there's another explanation .
president barack obama praised poland as an example for aspiring democracies in the middle east and elsewhere .
" may i help you ? " " yes , i'm looking for a dress . "
" you've got a crush on this girl . " " no , i don't ! "
" do you have any siblings ? " " no , i'm an only child . "
sometimes i say " yes , " even though i want to say " no . "
" will you have another cup of coffee ? " " no , thank you . "
" when will you be back ? " " it all depends on the weather . "
in case i can ’ t come , i ’ ll give you a call beforehand .
tom is not a lazy boy . as a matter of fact , he works hard .
" he's been sick . " " oh really , i hope it's nothing serious . "
do you want to go out or stay at home ? either is ok with me .
her son is a mama's boy . he has to be with her all the time .
i am not sure yet if i will go to a university or get a job .
hailing a cab in manhattan at 5 : 00 p . m . is nearly impossible .
none of us want to go , but either you or your wife has to go .
tom can't play a high g on his trumpet , but he can play an f .
it took more than a month to get over my cold , but i'm ok now .
there is no end in sight to the u . s . trade deficit with japan .
when i got out of the car , i felt like i had been here before .
a man's worth lies not so much in what he has as in what he is .
as long as i know the money is safe , i will not worry about it .
i am sure i met him somewhere , but i do not remember who he is .
i didn't want to work late , but the boss told me that i had to .
i give up . no matter what i do , you never seem to be satisfied .
i went out of my way to visit my friend , but he wasn't at home .
we can't add days to our life , but we can add life to our days .
i hadn't planned to do that , but i can if you really want me to .
if it were not for the sun , there would be no life on the earth .
no matter how hard i try , i can't do it any better than she can .
when we entered the shack , we saw a half - eaten pie on the table .
while you are about it , please make a cup of coffee for me , too .
at the end of a working day , everybody is in a hurry to get home .
can you spare me a few minutes ? i'd like to have a word with you .
i feel a lot better now , but i know dad's going to be real upset .
i have already completed 4 out of 6 tasks on my to - do list today .
i know you're not going to come to my party , but i wish you were .
i may have told you such a thing , but i don't remember it at all .
i often told you to do your duty , but you would not listen to me .
i thought i was about to be captured so i ran as fast as i could .
i'd like to buy a present for my son . do you have any good ideas ?
i'll lend you any book that i have , as long as you keep it clean .
i'm on a budget , so i don't eat out more than three times a week .
tom doesn't have a cat . however , tom does have a dog , doesn't he ?
when i got out of jail , i wanted to patch up things with my wife .
when we are told not to come , we become all the more eager to go .
as soon as i can figure out how to send money , i'll send you some .
he goes to bed early but it takes him a long time to get to sleep .
he said , " i will say nothing more , because i hate making excuses . "
i thought if i broke up with you , i'd never have to see you again .
if god had meant for us to be naked , we'd have been born that way .
if i tell my mother , she'll worry , so i don't think i'll tell her .
if you were able to go camping with us , i think we'd all have fun .
my tv set is almost 15 years old , but it still has a good picture .
the only time he feeds the dog is when his wife is away on a trip .
they asked me for my name , my address , and the purpose of my trip .
" what toppings do you want on the pizza ? " " anything but anchovies . "
a party will be held next saturday , that is to say , on august 25th .
i tried to reach you on the phone , but i was unable to get through .
i want to buy this material for a new dress . how much does it cost ?
i'm going to go buy a ticket , so please watch my bags for a minute .
just as there are few fat " old maids , " there are few fat bachelors .
my leg's gone to sleep , so i don't think i can stand up right away .
she looks young , but as a matter of fact she is older than you are .
she told me once and for all that she did not want to see me again .
they lived in a very small house at the end of a long , gray street .
you bought the food , so if i buy the wine that will even things up .
you speak french very well . i wish i could speak it as well as you .
hurry up . the train leaves in ten minutes . we don't want to miss it .
i contacted them the other day , but i was not able to get an answer .
i don't know where i put my keys , but i left them in here somewhere .
i feel like going to the movies , but i still have to do my homework .
i heard that song so many times on the radio that i grew to hate it .
i just want you to know that i won't be able to come to your picnic .
i thought you might be lonely , so i came over with a bottle of wine .
i was going to buy a new table , but my husband fixed the broken leg .
if he sends me any letters , i just tear them up and throw them away .
in the light of what you told us , i think we should revise our plan .
in the winter , i like to sled down the small hill close to our home .
it was getting dark , and , what made matters worse , it began to rain .
on behalf of my classmates , let me say a few words of thanks to you .
our task has been easy so far , but it will be difficult from now on .
since i will see him tomorrow , i can give him a message if you want .
when i got out of jail , the first thing i bought was an economy car .
you don't have to make up an excuse if you don't want to go with us .
you have only to stand in front of the door . it will open by itself .
he told me about the accident as if he had seen it with his own eyes .
he's shy , and never speaks unless spoken to . you have to talk to him .
i cannot go to the party , but thank you for inviting me all the same .
i know how to solve the problem , but i've been asked not to tell you .
i suggest that you go and see a doctor about this as soon as you can .
i want to apologize for the way i talked to you the last time we met .
i wonder if you could tell me if there is a post office in this area .
just to be on the safe side , why don't you take an umbrella with you ?
of course you can trust me . have i ever given you a bum steer before ?
you can be sure that the money you give them will be put to good use .
after a bit of googling , i suspect that what you said may not be true .
among the five of us , she , without a doubt , speaks the most languages .
he is too busy dreaming dreams to plan what he will do in his old age .
i can't stop you from revealing my secrets . however , i beg you not to .
i have a new boyfriend , but my ex - boyfriend doesn't know about it yet .
i have always fed my dog the dog food that comes in the big green bag .
when i was feeding my dog , i noticed that the gate had been left open .
after spending three weeks looking for a job , he found a well - paid one .
as soon as i can get the chance , i'll help your mother paint the fence .
as you can see , i haven't done any cleaning in the house for some time .
he was making a speech , but he broke off when he heard a strange noise .
i was going to run over the notes one last time , but there wasn't time .
i won't be getting married this year . in fact , i may never get married .
i'd like to know how much the meal was because i'd like to pay my half .
i'd like to know when you plan to give me back the scissors i lent you .
i'm not sure i have enough time to clean my room before i go to school .
if he had stayed at home that day , he would not have met with disaster .
it was not until i had a baby myself that i knew what mother's love is .
it's a small noisy apartment , but it's where i live and i call it home .
my mother tells me i have to go to bed by ten o'clock on school nights .
on hearing the news of the birth of his first child , he jumped for joy .
our parents took care of us and now it's our turn to take care of them .
she advised him not to buy a used car , but he didn't follow her advice .
she may have argued with him , but i don't think she could have hit him .
at christmas he went out of his way to buy me a really nice model plane .
i didn't get much sleep last night so i was nodding off all day at work .
i thought things would get better , but as it is , they are getting worse .
i was planning on going to the beach today , but then it started to rain .
if i had gone to that restaurant last night , i would have eaten a steak .
if we knew what we were doing , it wouldn't be called research , would it ?
she advised him not to use too much salt , but he wouldn't listen to her .
tom has some food allergies , so he has to be careful about what he eats .
when all you have is a hammer , every problem starts to look like a nail .
and then , he chased the cattle , the sheep and everyone out of the temple .
how many times do i have to tell you not to eat candy just before dinner ?
i don't think it'll rain , but i'll take an umbrella just in case it does .
i don't think we can really say that one is right and the other is wrong .
i had to catch the first train this morning in order to get here in time .
i think it's time for me to stop allowing her to always have her own way .
i was going to write to you , but i started doing other things and forgot .
if it were not for the sun , no living creatures could exist on the earth .
if my mother had still been alive , she would have helped me at that time .
if you were to hear him speak french , you would take him for a frenchman .
if your feelings are still what they were last april , tell me so at once .
it was very cold last night , so we didn't go outside , but stayed indoors .
last year , i couldn't spend as much time with my children as i wanted to .
no matter how busy you are , i think you should at least read a newspaper .
once upon a time , there was a pretty little house way out in the country .
strictly speaking , she didn't like it at all , but she didn't say a thing .
this room is very small , so it is impossible to put more furniture in it .
though it was a muggy night , she went to bed with all the windows closed .
you may stay here for the night , but you'll have to leave in the morning .
as soon as you have done that , i would like you to start preparing supper .
dad needs to take a rest . he's been working in the garden for three hours .
day after day , the dog sat waiting for his master in front of the station .
had it not been for your raincoat , i would have been drenched to the skin .
i don't know if we're going to be able to make it to boston for christmas .
my friend broke up with his girlfriend and now he wants to go out with me .
she advised him to cut down on smoking , but he didn't think that he could .
since i was sick for a week , i'm making every possible effort to catch up .
the mountain path was under a blanket of leaves , soft and easy to walk on .
the time women spend doing housework is now a lot less than it used to be .
you will save your father a lot of worry if you simply write him a letter .
from my point of view , australia is one of the best countries in the world .
i'm not an expert , so my answer to your question is just an educated guess .
if you're not out of the shower in five minutes , i'm cutting the hot water !
it's important to get the carbon - to - nitrogen ratio right in a compost heap .
it's important to have an off - site backup of all the data on your computer .
she went into the kitchen to see who was there , but there was nobody there .
they argue a lot , but for the most part they get along quite well together .
this condo is getting old . why don't we redecorate to give it a fresh feel ?
you'll get half the money now , and the other half on completion of the job .
from the buyer's point of view , the prices of these cd players are too high .
i know that it is highly unlikely that we'll be able to sell all this stuff .
i must have tried on everything in the shop , but nothing looked right on me .
i ought to wear this tie more often . i've gotten a lot of compliments today .
i was asked by my uncle what i intended to be when i graduated from college .
if i had known about your illness , i could have visited you in the hospital .
in addition , to about 30 , 000 yen , the wallet contained his driver's license .
it was really considerate of you to lend me $ 500 when i was in difficulties .
she advised him to go there alone , but he didn't think that was good advice .
she called to tell me that her husband would be out of town for the weekend .
the only reason tom went to the party was that he expected mary to be there .
when we got home last night , the others were already in bed and fast asleep .
with all your money , you should be able to buy just about anything you want .
he can compress the most words into the smallest ideas of any man i ever met .
i don't think i'll ever sound like a native speaker no matter how much i try .
i had to cancel that order because we didn't have enough money to pay for it .
i managed to catch the 8 o'clock train by running all the way to the station .
i never for a moment imagined that i'd be able to meet so many famous people .
i never for a moment imagined that i'd be singled out for a full body search .
i saw you out here by yourself and thought you might like someone to talk to .
if you are not satisfied with your share , i'll make it a bit more attractive .
if you want to master a foreign language , you must study as much as possible .
it's so hot outside that i want to spend all day in my air conditioned house .
tom doesn't think it'll rain , but he plans to carry an umbrella just in case .
tom said that he wanted to be alone and then he went upstairs to his bedroom .
as f . scott fitzgerald famously noted , the rich are different from you and me .
because of the poor harvest , wheat prices have gone up in the last six months .
his speech went on for such a long time that some people began to fall asleep .
i can't figure out how to transfer mp3 files from my ipod back to my computer .
i want to apologize to you for calling you a jerk in front of your girlfriend .
i've had a scratchy throat since this morning . i wonder if i've caught a cold .
if you want to get elected , you're going to have to improve your public image .
please boil the eggs just a little so that even the whites are not quite hard .
would you please send me details of your products via e - mail as an attachment ?
given her interest in children , i am sure teaching is the right career for her .
i got it through my head that my parent's strict rules were for my own benefit .
i have been taking ballet lessons since i was three and hope to be a ballerina .
i intended to go straight back home , but i sort of wandered inside a bookstore .
i returned the books i borrowed from the library , and i borrowed some new ones .
i think what impressed me most was the way tom could talk to just about anyone .
i wish i could take back all those terrible things i said about you last night .
it is always difficult for a son to live up to the expectations of his parents .
the little girl , deeply moved by the old man's pitiful story , burst into tears .
those birds build their nests in the summer and fly to the south in the winter .
you're speaking a little too fast for me . would you speak a little more slowly ?
how much time and energy do you spend on projects that don't make you any money ?
last night there was still snow on the ground , but this morning it's all melted .
she is looking for a job where she can make use of her foreign language ability .
something you should know about me is that i'm very much a country boy at heart .
the hour - long concert at the kennedy center was broadcast live on tv last night .
the lock on my drawer had been tampered with and some of my papers were missing .
the more unique each person is , the more he contributes to the wisdom of others .
the part of an iceberg under the water is much larger than that above the water .
tom returned from the kitchen with two mugs of coffee and sat down next to mary .
tom usually plays a drum solo at least once every time his band gives a concert .
a good team is a group of individuals who work together to achieve a common goal .
according to my accountant , this isn't a good time to invest in the stock market .
all the sheep were huddled together in the shade of the only tree in the paddock .
do you think your parents spent enough time with you when you were in your teens ?
eventually , someone is going to have to tell tom that he needs to behave himself .
he keeps his griefs , sorrows , ambitions and most of his real opinions to himself .
i was just wondering if you have any experiences you would like to share with us .
my brother makes it a rule to look over the newspaper before going to his office .
a lie can travel halfway around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes .
i don't know when the meeting started , but it started at least thirty minutes ago .
if you listen to english programs on the radio , you can learn english for nothing .
the first issue that we have to confront is violent extremism in all of its forms .
the policeman said that it looked like a self - inflicted gunshot wound to the head .
the weather report said that it'll rain this afternoon , but i don't think it will .
when i visited their apartment , the couple was right in the middle of an argument .
i don't believe in astrology , but that doesn't mean that i don't read my horoscope .
i've just spoken to your french teacher and he says you're doing well in his class .
it took some 150 years of struggling for women to gain the freedom they have today .
she got so carried away listening to the beatles that she missed the date with him .
the restaurant owner allowed her to take table scraps home to feed all of her dogs .
when he reached the station , the train had already left almost half an hour before .
according to legend , those woods used to be haunted , so people would avoid entering .
all the houses in this neighborhood look so much alike that i can't tell them apart .
researchers say that it's easier to lose weight if you eat three square meals a day .
i thought the little boy who was staring and pointing at the foreigner was very rude .
i've heard about it . your parents disappeared , running out on their debt didn't they ?
it is important for a nation to have an adequate mix of monetary and fiscal policies .
it turned out that the cards were stacked against her from the beginning of the game .
she spends a pretty good chunk of time just sitting there and looking out the window .
she was able to be ready early this morning , because she finished packing last night .
the antiques my father left when he died turned out to be nothing but worthless junk .
the boss outlined a three - pronged approach to turn the fortune of the company around .
this movement from rural to urban areas has been going on for over two hundred years .
all happy families resemble each other , each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way .
democracy is the worst form of government , except all the others that have been tried .
every person has a psychological need to feel that what he does is of some importance .
i don't understand and i'm not used to not understanding . please explain it once more .
the girl had grown up without any money and when she married she became a spendthrift .
the hardest thing in life is knowing which bridges to cross and which bridges to burn .
whenever i go to a japanese restaurant , i take the disposable chopsticks home with me .
according to a recent study , the average life span of the japanese is still increasing .
he does not care for any sport involving team work or quick responses to other players .
last night , we heard sounds of gunshots and screaming on the street outside our window .
the eating of delicious food is one of the most intense and poignant pleasures of life .
tom was charged with drunken driving after he was involved in a car accident in boston .
tom shaved off his beard and dyed his hair blonde , hoping people wouldn't recognize him .
what surprised me most about that accident is how fast the lawyers arrived on the scene .
i got together with her mainly because we seemed to share the same feelings about things .
if farmers don't make a decent living growing peanuts , they will try growing other crops .
they say that in america anyone can become president , but perhaps that's not really true .
although most islands in the ocean have been mapped , the ocean floor is generally unknown .
all of your accusations are without foundation . she's innocent and we're going to prove it .
the best parents of all are those who allow their children to follow their natural talents .
it should be stressed that we are often influenced by advertising without being aware of it .
my sister will have been studying english for ten years when she graduates from her college .
the bank rate cut is expected to relieve the severe financial squeeze that has hit industry .
the cat was lying stretched out at full length in the sunlight streaming through the window .
after he came back from service in afghanistan , tom was plagued by flashbacks and nightmares .
right now , we have blueberries , blackberries , cherries , strawberries , peaches and nectarines .
no person achieves success or happiness when compelled to do what he naturally dislikes to do .
the data cited in king's research is taken from unesco's 1970 white paper on world population .
blood spatter analysis plays an important role in determining what has happened at a crime scene .
fewer and fewer people are working to support more and more people living on government benefits .
he is usually straightforward and sincere and thereby gains the confidence of those who meet him .
he had gone there to help garbage workers strike peacefully for better pay and working conditions .
i can't believe that you aren't at least willing to consider the possibility of other alternatives .
as an englishman , he is particularly sensitive to the differences between english and american usage .
another interesting source of energy is the heat that can be recovered from radioactive waste material .
providing energy to the poor without destroying the planet any further is this century's biggest challenge .
" when do you get up ? " " i get up at eight . "
he reminded his wife to wake him up at 7 : 00 a . m .
" can i use your dictionary ? " " yes , here you are . "
" will you show me your ticket ? " " yes , of course . "
" when do you watch tv ? " " i watch tv after dinner . "
i wish i could go with you , but as it is , i can't .
" you had better not wear the red dress . " " why not ? "
" will you have another slice of pie ? " " yes , please . "
" you're a good guitarist . " " i'd like to think i am . "
it's a nice day , isn't it ? why not go out for a walk ?
mommy , if i don't like the food , do i have to eat it ?
tom agreed to be here at 2 : 30 , but he's not here yet .
if you want me to help you , all you have to do is ask .
if you want me to kiss you , all you have to do is ask .
even if she comes to see me , tell her i am not at home .
in 1939 , as in 1914 , the world was on the brink of war .
he can play the piano , the flute , the guitar , and so on .
once a bad habit is formed , it is hard to get rid of it .
she had already gone to bed when i called her at 11 p . m .
tom is the one who said he was too busy to help , not me .
tom's not much of a cook , but at least he gives it a go .
after three hours in the casino , he's $ 2 , 000 in the hole .
i don't know about the others , but as for me , i'm for it .
i have so much work to do that i have to put off my trip .
i used to ride my bike to school , but now i take the bus .
i wake up at six , but i don't get out of bed until seven .
now that he is old , it is your duty to go look after him .
the u . s . thinks it is getting the short end of the stick .
he is french by birth , but he is now a citizen of the usa .
he picked up a hat and put it on to see how it would look .
i have no choice but to take the red - eye back to new york .
i used to drink a lot of cola , but now i drink only water .
what a nice car you have ! you must have paid a lot for it .
if you have a problem with any of this , i need to know now .
in spite of the fact that she was busy , she came to see me .
she stole a lot of money from him , so now she is in prison .
when i heard that song , it reminded me of when i was a kid .
when i was young , i tried to read as many books as i could .
a bird is known by its song and a man by his way of talking .
every monday , i have a face - to - face meeting with my manager .
i do not have the courage to ask my boss to lend me his car .
i thought he loved you , but as it is , he loved another girl .
if i had it all to do over again , i wouldn't change a thing .
it's so hot that you could cook an egg on the hood of a car .
on weekends , i take my dogs out for a long walk in the park .
as i got the train this morning , i met an old friend of mine .
i don't know how i did it . what's important is that i did it .
i hate it when i have to sit between two fat guys on a plane .
i hope you know that the last thing i want to do is hurt you .
i might have to come home late . in that case , i'll phone you .
i want to try my best for as long as i am physically able to .
i'll lend you the money , but mind you , this is the last time .
if i had 25 % more income , i'd be more satisfied with my life .
if i had known that you were here , i would have come at once .
if you do this , you will regret it for the rest of your life .
if you had not eaten so much , you would not be so sleepy now .
if you need a change of pace , why don't you come for a visit ?
last night , i was so tired that i fell asleep with the tv on .
the room was so dark that we had to feel our way to the door .
" i can't bear to be doing nothing ! " you often hear people say .
as soon as i can afford it , i plan to travel around the world .
as we ate our meal , we talked about what we had done that day .
he did it , and what was more surprising , he did it by himself .
he promised to help me , but at the last minute he let me down .
i don't care if the early bird gets the worm , i want to sleep .
i was sitting next to a man who clearly had a lot on his mind .
i would love to come with you all , but i don't have any money .
if i knew how to use a computer , maybe they would pay me more .
if anyone were to talk to me like that , i would call a police .
if it were not for water , there would be no life on the earth .
if you hit a patch of fog , slow down and put your blinkers on .
if you teach me how to dance , i will show you my hidden scars .
it is up to you to see to it that such a thing doesn't happen .
it used to be that a girl could only marry if she had a dowry .
it was a real challenge for us to go down the cliff on a rope .
no matter how hard he tried , he could not get out of the maze .
when i was a child , i used to go to the seashore every summer .
as far as the eye could reach , nothing was to be seen but sand .
at this beer hall , you can order beers up to one liter in size .
culture is like jam , the less you have , the more you spread it .
he got up to see if he had turned off the light in the kitchen .
he keeps on phoning me , and i really don't want to talk to him .
i don't think this old car will make it to the top of the hill .
i had no other way of contacting you , so i came here in person .
i have a lot of old books . a couple of them are quite valuable .
i make it a rule to take a walk for half an hour every morning .
if the sun were to rise in the west , i wouldn't change my mind .
she asked him where he lived , but he was too smart to tell her .
unless there is a miracle , we won't be able to make it on time .
when i hear that song , i think about the place where i grew up .
why did you ask tom to do that when you knew he couldn't do it ?
can you just tell me now , so i don't have to come back tomorrow ?
frictions between japan and the u . s . are easing up for a change .
had it not been for his aid , i could not have finished the work .
i got lost and had a hard time finding my way back to the hotel .
i just want to make sure you live up to your end of the bargain .
i want to know how he manages to make such good use of his time .
if it's all right with you , i'd like to stay for a while longer .
if you go hiking in the desert , be sure to take plenty of water .
if you stand on this stool , you can reach the top of the closet .
it's not that i am unsympathetic , but i am not able to help you .
we're going to eat a lot tonight so i hope you're not on a diet .
daddy , i can't walk any more . could you give me a piggyback ride ?
he was curious about how it would taste , so he took a small bite .
i need to make an urgent call . is there a public phone near here ?
i plan to throw all of this away . you may take whatever you like .
if i'd known what you were going to do , i'd've tried to stop you .
if you had followed my advice , you wouldn't be in such a fix now .
if you leave right now , you'll be in time for the plane for sure .
if you visit new york , you've just got to come and see our house .
in singapore , one way to punish a criminal is to whip him or her .
in those days , i made it a point to take a walk before breakfast .
since the note was written in french , it was easy for me to read .
some of the roses in my garden are white , and the others are red .
tom went to his room , changed into his pajamas , and got into bed .
when i didn't know how to answer the question , he gave me a hint .
when i was a child , i would spend hours reading alone in my room .
when i was a child , my mother would often read fairy tales to me .
whenever i get on the subway , i put my wallet in my front pocket .
writing is easy . all you have to do is cross out the wrong words .
a flush is a poker hand where all five cards are of the same suit .
after using the knife , please be sure to put it back where it was .
as a rule , he arrives at the office about eight - thirty in morning .
as soon as he felt his house shake , he rushed out into the garden .
don't sound so surprised . you know i can do whatever i want to do .
from my point of view , it would be better to wait a little longer .
he said he was hungry , and then he added that he was also thirsty .
he was an excellent scientist , and what is more , was a great poet .
i can't find my glasses . i may have left them behind in the train .
i was deceived by a person who i had thought was a friend of mine .
in the cemetery , there is a statue of a snake biting its own tail .
mrs . smith , i'd like to introduce a friend of mine , pierre dubois .
on the plate was a piece of chicken , a potato and some green peas .
she advised him to go to the police station , but he was afraid to .
they looked at the photo taken of me when i was a boy and laughed .
tom knew the truth , but he didn't let anyone know that he knew it .
until you admit that you were wrong , i'm not going to talk to you .
we will have to consider each application on a case - by - case basis .
we're counting on you to wake us up in time , so don't fall asleep .
when i last saw him , he was wearing a blue shirt and white slacks .
" but don't you think that it's a little big ? " asked the shopkeeper .
a fund was launched to set up a monument in memory of the dead man .
a man's happiness doesn't depend on what he has , but on what he is .
because of his wealth , he was able to become a member of that club .
excuse me , but would you please tell me the way to the post office ?
from time to time , i think about my mother who is no longer living .
he has bought a lot in the suburbs with a view to building a house .
i couldn't get out of my garage because there was a car in the way .
i don't have time to deal with this letter . could you deal with it ?
i don't have to go to the doctor any more . i'm feeling much better .
i don't know what's going on around here , but i intend to find out .
i know i should have said something , but i didn't know what to say .
i met someone the other day that i think i could fall in love with .
i told the children to be quiet , but they just kept on being noisy .
i want to go to sleep soon because i need to get up early tomorrow .
i was just wondering if you have been able to find a place to live .
if i were a foreigner , i probably wouldn't be able to eat raw fish .
if you dress like that at your age , you'll make a fool of yourself .
if you have a good garden , it will enhance the value of your house .
if you put more tea leaves into the pot , the tea will taste better .
in japan , you never have to go too far to find a convenience store .
in order to see that picture better , i want to get a little closer .
in the first place , we must be careful about what we eat and drink .
it is not until we lose our health that we realize the value of it .
it was the great lung - power of caruso that made him a great singer .
it's not enough to just say you're going to vote . you need to vote .
men do not exist in this world to become rich , but to become happy .
my doctor told me to put the eyedrops in my eyes three times a day .
on an island in the seine , there is a big church called notre dame .
the wicked witch cast a spell on the man and turned him into a bug .
there are few legal constraints on the sale of firearms in the u . s .
we have a very good team , so we have every reason to be optimistic .
when the chips are down , the only one you can count on is yourself .
why isn't there any wine left in the bottle ? did you kids drink it ?
you had better make sure that he is at home before you call on him .
you'll get a ticket if you park the car in front of a fire hydrant .
all of a sudden , i remembered that i couldn't pay for so many books .
could you tell me which bus or train goes to the center of the town ?
he failed in business , and to make matters worse , his wife fell ill .
i don't care who your father is . you still have to follow my orders .
i doubt that tom has the courage to do what really needs to be done .
i dunno if it's a bug or what , but this software doesn't work right .
i guess this desk will serve the purpose until we can get a new one .
i know your time is valuable , but could i ask you just one question ?
i parked on the left side of the street just in front of the school .
i wonder if you would mind lending me your car for a couple of days .
if there's anything i can do for you , don't hesitate to let me know .
if you tell people what they want to hear , they'll do what you want .
it is difficult to get him to do anything on the spur of the moment .
judging from the look of the sky , it will clear up in the afternoon .
she bought him a camera that was too big to fit in his shirt pocket .
since he was tired , he was sitting on the sofa with his eyes closed .
we can't be the only two people who forgot to pay our bills on time .
when i don't have anything to say , i am not embarrassed to be quiet .
you should take your car to tom's garage . he does a pretty good job .
all of a sudden , large drops of rain began falling from the dark sky .
even if it takes me ten years , i am determined to accomplish the job .
even though tom used to be my best friend , i'm beginning to hate him .
finding it hard to make ends meet on his income , she started to work .
having a full time job and raising two kids at the same time is hard .
he said his father was an architect and that he wanted to be one too .
i can't wait for spring to come so we can sit under the cherry trees .
i don't know what this word means . i'll look it up in the dictionary .
if this airplane were to be hijacked , what in the world would you do ?
let's have a contest . the side to come up with the worst insult wins .
one thing i've always wanted to do is get a decent job close to home .
she advised him not to drive too fast , but he wouldn't listen to her .
the burglar was traced by one of the things he had left on the scene .
the fog soon blurred out the figure of a man walking in front of him .
this is a difficult problem , and it is not easy for anyone to decide .
to do him justice , he did his best with his limited men and supplies .
tom had his wisdom teeth taken out by a twenty - four year old dentist .
tom is the only man in the world that is likely to break that record .
father took his place at the head of the table and began to say grace .
go down this road until you get to a traffic light and then turn left .
had he known what was about to happen , he would have changed his plan .
he makes most , if not all , of the important decisions for his company .
i have all these apples to carry , not to mention this bag of potatoes .
i suggest that we hold off on making a decision until all bids are in .
i want to go back to doing what i was doing before you interrupted me .
if you could live anywhere in the world , where would you want to live ?
indeed you know a lot of things , but you're not good at teaching them .
saying you can't do the job because you're too busy is just a cop out .
seeing that it is 8 o'clock , i think you should leave for school soon .
she added , as an afterthought , that she was going to do some shopping .
she cut the cake into six pieces and gave one to each of the children .
she is saving her money with a view to taking a trip around the world .
she persuaded him to do it even though she knew it wasn't a good idea .
the girl in the picture is wearing a crown not of gold but of flowers .
there are many talented people in our city , but tom isn't one of them .
tom has a lot of things to do this morning before he leaves the house .
what kind of question is that ? do you really expect me to answer that ?
what's this song ? i've heard it before , but i can't remember the name .
you shouldn't study all day long . you should go out and have some fun .
a dachshund is a dog from germany with a very long body and short legs .
a drunkard is somebody you don't like and who drinks as much as you do .
a square is always a rectangle , but a rectangle is not always a square .
as soon as he graduated , he went to work in his father's general store .
do you feel like going out for a drive in the country over the weekend ?
he spoke of the people and the things that he had seen during his trip .
he was egging an innocent young man on to join him in his crooked deal .
he was the last person i had expected to see during my stay in america .
i finally broke down and bought the game my son had been asking me for .
i realized that even though i wanted to eat , i didn't have enough time .
i was nine years old when i asked my mom if santa claus really existed .
i wish that i could have spent more time with my father before he died .
if you alter the plan , you must inform the team members of the changes .
it's a bit cold , but it probably isn't worth putting the heater on yet .
it's my dream to have a son who'll take over my business when i retire .
she advised him to go to the hospital , but he didn't follow her advice .
she advised him to stop taking that medicine , but he felt he needed to .
she dreamed that a prince would come on a white horse to take her away .
since he could not work out the problem that way , he tried another way .
since you have nothing to do with this matter , you don't have to worry .
the fruit is similar to an orange in shape and to a pineapple in taste .
the heavy fog made it impossible for us to see anything in front of us .
the moment she heard the news of her son's death , she burst into tears .
the number of cases of whooping cough is on the rise in the last years .
the rise in house prices enabled him to sell his house at a big profit .
tom knew where mary was , but he wouldn't tell the police where she was .
when i got out of jail , i had no intention of committing another crime .
you can easily judge the ripeness of a banana by the color of its peel .
a lot of people are going to tell you that you shouldn't have done that .
for someone who's supposed to be an expert , you don't seem to know much .
fully booked for the night , the hotel had to turn away some late guests .
he decided to feed his dog the rabbit that he had shot earlier that day .
i can place the palms of my hands on the floor without bending my knees .
i don't have good luck , so i don't play pachinko or buy lottery tickets .
i don't plan to get divorced from you unless you give me a valid reason .
i learned to drive a car and got a driver's license when i was eighteen .
i wish you would tell me what i ought to do in this difficult situation .
i'm sure it wouldn't be too hard to find out who hacked into our system .
money isn't everything , but if you have no money , you can't do anything .
ronald reagan was born in 1911 , in the little town of tampico , illinois .
the freight train was held up about half an hour because of a dense fog .
the sight of the centipede on the wall was enough to make my skin crawl .
tom and mary have been trying to come up with a solution to the problem .
tom and mary sat next to each other at the table in the conference room .
tom doesn't always get up early , but he always gets up before mary does .
tom doesn't need any more soap . mary gave him enough to last a lifetime .
too much of anything is bad , but too much good whiskey is barely enough .
what hurts the most is that you didn't feel you could tell me the truth .
what really surprised me most was that i was the only one who got fired .
when i was a college student , i always pulled all - nighters before tests .
all you have to do is write a few sentences about what you did yesterday .
every time cigarettes go up in price , many people try to give up smoking .
frankly speaking , it was difficult for me to make out what he was saying .
i don't have to study tonight . i think i'll watch television for a while .
i don't know when i'll have time to finish reading the rest of this book .
i had a very tight schedule last week , but this week i'm relatively free .
i never thought it'd be this hard to choose a color to paint the kitchen .
i thought we had found the perfect hiding place , but the police found us .
if that accident had happened in a city , it would have caused a disaster .
just throw your bicycle in the back of the truck and i'll drive you home .
make certain where the emergency exit is before you go to bed at a hotel .
on the tenth of next month , they will have been married for twenty years .
please don't forget to put stamps on the letters that i gave you to mail .
she has asked the person at the front desk to connect her to that number .
she wrote to him to tell him that she couldn't come to visit next summer .
the boy pretended he could read , but he was holding the book upside down .
to the best of my knowledge , the cathedral dates back to the middle ages .
you can talk until you're blue in the face , but you'll never convince me .
because some urgent business came up , he wasn't able to go to the concert .
i know that it is highly unlikely that anyone would be willing to help me .
if all goes according to plan , i should be back home again tomorrow night .
it was a victory for the whole country when he finished first in the race .
it would have been nice if tom had listened to what i said more carefully .
judging from the look of the sky , we might have a shower before nightfall .
maybe i shouldn't tell you this , but i am truly mesmerized by your beauty .
my father is proud of the fact that he's never been in a traffic accident .
she found the evening boring and uninteresting , in short , a waste of time .
tom put two slices of bread into the toaster and pushed down on the lever .
we're less than halfway to the top of the mountain . are you already tired ?
when we started out in this business , many people said that we would fail .
as incredible as it may seem , she ordered a knuckle of ham with sauerkraut .
he and i are such close friends that we can almost read each other's minds .
how many times a week do you spend time doing fun stuff with your children ?
i discovered too late that i left out the most important part of my speech .
i don't mind lending you the money provided you pay it back within a month .
i know he will only continue disappointing me , but i can't help loving him .
i think i've figured out why tom has never learned to speak french so well .
i think it's unlikely that the next model will be any better than this one .
i'd like to hear exactly how tom managed to get that old car running again .
i'm pretty sure that i've left the keys to my office in my raincoat pocket .
if he had been a little more careful , the accident would have been avoided .
if you'd prefer a room closer to the convention center , please let us know .
it's possible that tom was able to convince mary to do his laundry for him .
she hired him as an interpreter because she had heard that he was the best .
she says she has no intention of having a baby until she's in her thirties .
the local boys got into a fight with a rival group from a neighboring town .
the problem with many things is the pre - conceived ideas we have about them !
tom can remember the chords to the song , but can't remember all the lyrics .
tom checked to make sure all the doors were locked before he went to sleep .
tom writes something in his diary every evening , no matter how tired he is .
a cargo vessel , bound for athens , sank in the mediterranean without a trace .
due to the reason that i described above , i arrived at a different decision .
faith is taking the first step , even when you don't see the whole staircase .
go straight down the road , and when you pass the traffic light you're there .
he is good at voicing the concerns others are too nervous to speak up about .
i had my purse and commuter ticket stolen while i was sleeping in the train .
is it worth spending time trying to help people who don't want to be helped ?
the machine was too complicated for us to find out the cause of the trouble .
the statue of hachiko , the faithful dog , stands in front of shibuya station .
this paragraph is well written , but there is a mistake in the last sentence .
tom eats mostly fruits and vegetables , and only eats meat about once a week .
tom wouldn't let me call an ambulance so i drove him to the hospital myself .
whatever happened to acid rain ? you don't hear about it in the news anymore .
when your stomach is busy , digesting a big meal your brain takes a vacation .
why don't you hang around a while after everyone else leaves so we can talk ?
you have to read between the lines to know the true intention of the author .
you should have known better than to go out in the rain without an umbrella .
had they known what was about to happen , they would have changed their plans .
hikers need to carry a compass with them to find their way through the woods .
i entered the museum through the wrong gate . i should have been more careful .
if there's anything at all that you don't understand , you can ask me anytime .
my bonus doesn't come close to covering all the loan payments i have to make .
somebody told me that today's test was identical to the one we had last year .
tickets are valid for just two days , including the day they are purchased on .
we keep having the same old problem of people not paying their bills on time .
what they said to you is exactly the opposite of what they told me yesterday .
would you please stop pacing around like that and just sit down for a second ?
in this course , we'll spend time helping you sound more like a native speaker .
no sooner had she caught sight of me than she started running in my direction .
they say that girls spend more time worrying about how they look than boys do .
tom made a promise to himself that he would never make the same mistake again .
tom never admits that he's wrong , because he thinks that's a sign of weakness .
do you spend most of your time worrying about things that don't matter so much ?
even after twelve months , tom can't accept that it's over between him and mary .
i don't like sand . it's coarse and rough and irritating and it gets everywhere .
i realize the effort you have put into this project and i really appreciate it .
i realized that i didn't want to spend any more time dealing with that problem .
i think someone stole all these things and planted them to make me look guilty .
i want to be able to walk down this street without worrying about getting shot .
improved medical technology has been one of the spin - offs of the space program .
it seems like yesterday , but it's actually nearly ten years since we first met .
tom converted about half of his yen into dollars and the other half into euros .
a good lawyer would leave no stone unturned in his efforts to defend his client .
as soon as the new teacher entered the classroom , the students began to applaud .
having finished all her housework , she sat down on the sofa to watch television .
i discouraged him from going swimming since it looked like it was going to rain .
the athletes trained hard every day to be at their best for the summer olympics .
we got this chair for nothing because the lady next door didn't need it anymore .
anyone who can only think of one way to spell a word obviously lacks imagination .
if everything goes according to plan , i should be back home again tomorrow night .
it appears that the victim tried to write the murderer's name with his own blood .
the ages of the two children put together was equivalent to that of their father .
the average american living space is twice as large as the living space in japan .
this experience will be invaluable as a way of improving the way i study english .
we cannot rule out the possibility that civil war will break out in that country .
why would you want to share this type of information with people you hardly know ?
i discouraged him from going swimming because it looked like it was going to rain .
i figured you wouldn't want the teacher to know you hadn't done your homework yet .
if cleopatra's nose had been shorter , the history of the world would be different .
it was obvious to everyone that the marriage would sooner or later end in divorce .
never in my wildest dreams did i ever think that something like this would happen .
there is so much pollution in new york that joggers often wear masks when running .
i have many friends who speak fluently , but still don't sound like native speakers .
it was only much later that i came to understand the importance of child education .
the rescue workers are going to hand out supplies to the victims of the earthquake .
tom certainly had plenty of opportunities to go to concerts while he was in boston .
we'll need a head hunting agency to find the right man for this executive position .
the rainforests are disappearing at the rate of tens of thousands of hectares a day .
you should always spend time doing things that help your children get ahead in life .
all at once , the buddhist priest burst into laughter , spoiling the solemn atmosphere .
he was surprised to find the great artist's masterpiece hung on the wall upside down .
his health gradually changed for the better after he went to live in the countryside .
if people who smoke are deprived of their cigarettes , they get nervous and irritable .
never make the mistake of arguing with people for whose opinions you have no respect .
our fire alarm sometimes goes off when my mother is cooking something in the kitchen .
the loneliness and drabness of working away from people are fatal to his best effort .
the research director had the department do a thorough job in testing the new product .
you could search the world over and never find another woman more beautiful than mary .
according to this magazine , my favorite actress will marry a jazz musician next spring .
i think it's highly unlikely that we'll ever get any help from the national government .
to become a professional banjo player , you need to spend thousands of hours practicing .
i had to change clothes because what i was wearing wasn't appropriate for the situation .
i haven't eaten anything unusual since i've returned home from my trip around the world .
it's very unlikely that a serious art collector would ever buy anything from that source .
the government will provide interest - free loans to firms that participate in the program .
one out of 455 women doesn't realize she's pregnant until the twentieth week of pregnancy .
she took advantage of our hospitality and stayed a whole month without paying us anything .
the man who is constantly making decisions and being compelled to alter them gets nowhere .
the important point to note is that both parties offered similar solutions to this problem .
children often want to do things that are dangerous without knowing that they are dangerous .
numbers that can be expressed as fractions of two whole numbers are called rational numbers .
we keep our most interesting thoughts and the most interesting side of ourselves hidden away .
a business cycle is a recurring succession of periods of prosperity and periods of depression .
professional translators quite often specialize in just one field , for example law or medicine .
what is considered impolite in one language may not be considered impolite in another language .
it's not uncommon for people to give fake personal information when registering to use websites .
you will receive a confirmation email after your account has been activated by an administrator .
hackers were able to break into the company's computer system and undermine its network security .
charles moore created forth in an attempt to increase programmer productivity without sacrificing machine efficiency .
" are you sad ? " " no . why would i be ? "
" how are you ? " " i am fine , thank you . "
" can i use your car ? " " sure . go ahead . "
" is it going to clear up ? " " i hope so . "
" do you think he will come ? " " i hope not . "
" may i borrow this pen ? " " sure , go ahead . "
" pass me the salt , please . " " here you are . "
" how old is she ? " " she is twelve years old . "
" we have to do this now . " " there's no time . "
" what would you like ? " " i would like a dog . "
" will you pass me the sugar ? " " here you are . "
the murder happened between 3 a . m . and 5 a . m .
get up at once , or you will miss the 7 : 00 bus .
she said , " i owe it to him that i am popular . "
" where are your books ? " " they are on the desk . "
when i got home , i had a nice , ice - cold shower .
" how much is he asking for ? " " a thousand euros . "
" how soon will the bus come ? " " in five minutes . "
" i can make it to my class on time , " he thought .
" why don't you come ? " " because i don't want to . "
" will they go on strike again ? " " i'm afraid so . "
a nice day , isn't it ? why not go out for a walk ?
he leaned over her and said , " no , i'm not lying . "
i don't have to do that if i don't want to , do i ?
i miss you . i need to see you . could i come over ?
" how long will the meeting last ? " " for two hours . "
" why aren't you going ? " " because i don't want to . "
" will he pass the examination ? " " i am afraid not . "
i am not sure , but i think i want to be a teacher .
i told her not to let go of the rope , but she did .
i hope it was as much fun for you as it was for me .
i'm sure if you put your mind to it , you can do it .
in the land of the blind , the one - eyed man is king .
hey , i may have no money , but i still have my pride .
i plan to buy a new car as soon as i can afford one .
he is a nice person , to be sure , but not very clever .
i moved out of my parent ’ s house to live on my own .
i told him , once for all , that i would not marry him .
i want to get a good seat , so i plan to arrive early .
if i had wings to fly , i would have gone to save her .
if it were not for the sun , we could not live at all .
if you need my advice , i'd be glad to give it to you .
in terms of the pay you will get , is this a good job ?
it is , even now , a book loved by men and women alike .
right now , all i want to do is sleep for a few hours .
there is so much to do , and only a lifetime to do it .
" do you have anything to do ? " " nothing in particular . "
as soon as he went out of the house , it began to rain .
i can't afford to buy a used car , much less a new one .
i don't want to be rich . i just don't want to be poor .
i have a part - time job working as a santa at the mall .
i live near the sea so i often get to go to the beach .
i make it a rule to brush my teeth before i go to bed .
i told my mom i was gay and it didn't faze her at all .
i told you you had to go home . why are you still here ?
if i were to tell you all i know , you would be amazed .
if you really want to know , all you need to do is ask .
it means a lot to me to know that you want me to stay .
it was not easy to get a lot of money in a short time .
as soon as i can get the chance , i'll come for a visit .
as soon as i find it , i'll bring it over to your place .
be sure to drop us a line as soon as you get to london .
better to be the head of a dog than the tail of a lion .
even if it costs 10 , 000 yen , i must buy the dictionary .
he said he would not come in , but he came in after all .
i don't have to be here . i'm here because i want to be .
i go up to the rooftop when i want to see the blue sky .
i ordered way too much . i don't think i can eat it all .
i started a new blog . i'll do my best to keep it going .
i threw a ball to my dog and he caught it in his mouth .
if you cut the tail off of a lizard , it will grow back .
it began to rain , so he did not have to water the lawn .
the moment i held the baby in my arms , it began to cry .
the number is 932 - 8647 , but i don't know the area code .
tom is one of the more than 3 , 000 inmates on death row .
" tom and mary have broken up . " " that's ancient history . "
a man's worth lies not in what he has but in what he is .
as far as i know , he is a person who keeps his promises .
he doesn't want to talk to me now , and i don't know why .
i had a call from her for the first time in a long time .
i had to shoot my horse because he was in a lot of pain .
i left my keys on the table . could you bring them to me ?
i'd love to go with you to the show , but i'm flat broke .
if you had asked me to marry you , i would have said yes .
it would be a pity to let all our hard work go to waste .
no matter how hard i try , i can't remember how to do it .
no matter what you say , i don't think tom is a nice guy .
real men go to the gym to pump iron , not to do aerobics .
the u . s . gun ownership rate is the highest in the world .
this year , the winter is mild , isn't it ? it's very nice .
when he came to , he was tied to a chair in the basement .
for a long time , i used to believe the same thing you do .
he used to eat out every day , but now he can't afford it .
i can't wait for tom to come home so i can show him this .
i don't like to go out without a coat on such a cold day .
i stayed in bed one more day just to be on the safe side .
i want to move out of this cramped room as soon as i can .
i'd like to be left alone for a while , if you don't mind .
if i had had a little more money , i would have bought it .
if what you say is true , it follows that he has an alibi .
if you don't want to go to that party , you don't have to .
it's too far to walk to the station , so let's take a bus .
may i ask why it is that you don't want to talk about it ?
mom wants to go there , but dad wants to watch tv at home .
she doesn't want to talk to me now , and i don't know why .
there's only one way to find out how to do that . ask tom .
tom had no choice but to do what the boss told him to do .
tom woke mary up at 6 : 30 and she wasn't happy about that .
tom , who had been working all day , wanted to have a rest .
we were so tired that we turned in about 9 : 00 last night .
we're a bit busy at the moment . can you hang on a minute ?
when i was in new york , i happened to meet my old friend .
you may stay here if you like , as long as you keep quiet .
as far as i am concerned , i have no objection to the plan .
as soon as i can get the chance , i'll send you some money .
he is a man of few words , but he always keeps his promise .
however hard i try , i can't do it any better than she can .
however hard you try , you can't finish it in a week or so .
i do not think he will ever get over the loss of his wife .
i know you're not coming to my party , but i wish you were .
i need to find a better job on the double to pay my bills .
i suggest we eat just a little now , and then go out later .
i think we need to find out who tom plans to give that to .
if you get bit by a rabid dog , you'll need a tetanus shot .
if you run into trouble , i'll help , and so will my father .
it is an act of cruelty to lock a small child in his room .
it is up to you to decide whether we will go there or not .
long , long ago , there lived an old king on a small island .
nobody will say it so bluntly , but that is the gist of it .
once upon a time , there lived a poor man and a rich woman .
tom wanted one , but he had no idea where he could get one .
tom was able to do what the rest of us weren't able to do .
you may call him a fool , but you cannot call him a coward .
you think you're awake , but you may , in fact , be dreaming .
all of a sudden , the enemy bombs came down on us like rain .
as is usual with him , he arrived a quarter of an hour late .
he makes a point of doing ten push - ups before going to bed .
he noticed a hole in his jacket , but he tried to ignore it .
he said that if he knew her address , he would write to her .
he's not lazy . on the contrary , i think he's a hard worker .
i borrowed money not only from tom , but from his wife , too .
i didn't have time to think . i had to make a judgment call .
i don't care how much it costs . i'm going to buy it anyway .
i don't want to have kids , and i don't want to get married .
i waited half an hour for my friend , but he didn't turn up .
i would rather stay at home than go out on such a cold day .
i'm going to put them in a room and let them battle it out .
if it were not for his idleness , he would be a nice fellow .
if it's a good day tomorrow , let's go to the river to swim .
it is no use going to school if you are not going to study .
on second thought , i think i will have a slice of that pie .
our kids are all tucked in . now we can kick back and relax .
please open your bag so that i can see what you have in it .
since i walked very fast , i was in time for the last train .
since he was able to walk so far , he must have strong legs .
tell her you like her . don't be afraid . she won't bite you .
the style is nice , but do you have it in a different color ?
there are so many stars in the sky , i can't count them all .
when i was a child , i was spanked if i did something wrong .
where on earth can he have gone off to at this time of day ?
you can't eat chicken ? how do you know if you never try it ?
as soon as i finish writing the report , i'll send it to you .
before going to work in paris , i must brush up on my french .
do you think it'll be easy to find the kind of job you want ?
he tied his dog up to the tree while he went into the store .
hello ! fancy meeting you here ! it's a small world , isn't it ?
his bag is right here , so he cannot have gone to school yet .
i don't think she'll be happy living with her mother - in - law .
i have three dogs . one is male and the other two are female .
i hear tom was the one who taught you how to play the cello .
i ran into an old friend of mine at the party the other day .
i wasn't supposed to help my son do his homework , but i did .
if i had worked hard in my youth , i would be successful now .
if it had not been for civil war , they would be wealthy now .
if the weather clears up , we'll go for a walk in the forest .
if you had stayed here , you would have had a very good time .
it isn't what he says that annoys me but the way he says it .
it was heartless of him to say such a thing to the sick man .
it was such a hard test that we did not have time to finish .
it's not how much you know , but what you can do that counts .
now that tom is unemployed , he has quite a bit of free time .
now that you are grown up , you must not behave like a child .
please take this chart to the x - ray room on the third floor .
she looked after her sister , who was in bed with a bad cold .
she made me so angry on the telephone that i hung up on her .
this is a sentence , that has the syllable count , of a haiku .
tom eats pizza with a fork , but mary eats it with her hands .
we are going to make up for lost time by taking a short cut .
we did not expect him to finish the task in so short a time .
why would she go out of her way to help a deadbeat like you ?
you can take a horse to water , but you can't make him drink .
you must turn in your old license in order to get a new one .
a new team was formed in order to take part in the boat race .
before going to study in paris , i must brush up on my french .
cherry blossoms last only for a few days , a week at the most .
for your own safety , never ride in a car with a drunk driver .
he does not like to wait until the last moment to do a thing .
i am sorry that i haven't written to you in such a long time .
i can't stand it here any longer . i need a change of scenery .
i can't tell you how happy i am that you've come to visit us .
i doubt that our new boss will be any worse than the old one .
i feel sad when i think about all the people who die in wars .
i heard a cotton candy shop has just opened . let's go , dudes .
i think it's time for me to show you how to do that properly .
i tried to open the door , but i couldn't since it was locked .
i want to get into shape , so i've been working out every day .
i was able to find the street , but i couldn't find her house .
i was wondering if you would like to go to the dance with me .
i'm willing to take care of your children , if you want me to .
i've been trying to get a hold of you for the past two hours .
if i had not overslept , i would have been in time for school .
if i'm not mistaken , i think we took a wrong turn back there .
if you leave now , i'm sure you'll be caught in a traffic jam .
if you want to do good work , you should use the proper tools .
it sounds to me as if he has something to do with the matter .
it was a pleasant day , but there were few people in the park .
just by looking at your face , i know that you have good news .
last night was very hot and muggy , so i didn't sleep so well .
no matter how fast you drive , you will not get there on time .
no matter how fast you may walk , you can't catch up with him .
now that you have finished your job , you are free to go home .
of all the films i rented , this is the only one worth seeing .
people who go to bed early and get up early live a long time .
the sooner we get there , the more likely are we to get seats .
tom lived in his car for a while after he broke up with mary .
we could have our tea in the garden , were it a little warmer .
we need someone to keep an eye on our baby while we are away .
a bat hunts food and eats at night , but sleeps during the day .
a mere glance is not enough for us to tell one from the other .
a trip to america was equivalent to a two - year salary for her .
after a little time off , i plan to go on another concert tour .
after the fire , the smell of smoke in the air lasted for days .
although he thought he was helping us , he was only in the way .
before you go to visit him , you should make sure he's at home .
don't you think it might be a bit too expensive for us to buy ?
get off at the next stop and take a bus headed to the airport .
he is not much better , and there is a little hope of recovery .
i considered changing my job , but in the end i decided not to .
i didn't have to open the letter . i knew exactly what it said .
i remember playing the original pac - man game when i was a kid .
if you don't get a move on , you'll end up missing your flight .
if you have a fever , you should go to the hospital right away .
just when i was about to phone her , a letter arrived from her .
let me stop you right there . we don't want to hear about that .
no matter how you look at it , the odds are stacked against us .
now that you have finished your work , you are free to go home .
once upon a time , there lived a stingy old man in the village .
the doors wouldn't open , so i had to get in through the trunk .
we have to figure out when the best time to buy that stock is .
why do you laugh so hard at his jokes ? they're not even funny .
you will be better off buying a new one than trying to fix it .
you'll get there in time , as long as you don't miss the train .
you'll get there in time , so long as you don't miss the train .
a good book is the best of friends , the same today and forever .
english is just one of over 2 , 700 languages in the world today .
have you seen the dog ? he wandered off a couple of minutes ago .
he told me that i looked pale and asked me what the matter was .
how do you think i can convince her to spend more time with me ?
how long does it take you to get here from your house by train ?
how many minutes does it take to get to the jr station on foot ?
i am uncertain as to whether i am the right person for the job .
i can read chinese fairly well , but i can't write it very well .
i didn't know why i wasn't supposed to go to that part of town .
i don't know tom well enough to know whether i like him or not .
i got to the station only to find that the train had just left .
i know a woman whose first and last names are the same as mine .
i must warn you that if you do this again you will be punished .
i put some cookies on the table and the kids ate them right up .
i think it's time for me to admit that i never cared about you .
i think you and tom have more in common than you want to admit .
i tried to open the door , but i couldn't because it was locked .
i'm still waiting for my breakfast . bring it to me now , please .
if a burglar came into my room , i would throw something at him .
if he keeps drinking like that , he'll have to take a taxi home .
if it had not been for the storm , i would have arrived earlier .
if it had not been for your advice , i could not have succeeded .
if you can see your breath when you exhale , you know it's cold .
it is better to have old second - hand diamonds than none at all .
on my way home from school yesterday , i was caught in a shower .
once you've formed a bad habit , you can't get rid of it easily .
one of his two daughters lives in tokyo , and the other in nara .
only those who risk going too far will know how far one can go .
she threw her hands up in horror when she saw what he had done .
ten minutes after they had passed nara , the car ran out of gas .
the aim of this game is to explode all the bombs on the screen .
the bird picked up the twig with its beak and flew to its nest .
the more foolish a child is , the cuter he seems to his parents .
tom drank a lot last night and is a bit hung over this morning .
tom found out later that the woman he met in the park was mary .
we weren't able to buy tickets , so we didn't go to the concert .
we wouldn't be in this mess if you'd just done what i told you .
when you're done with the book , put it back where you found it .
you don't have to speak so loudly . i can hear you very clearly .
a fat white cat sat on a wall and watched them with sleepy eyes .
from the top of that tall building , you can easily see the city .
i am working full - time at a bookshop until the end of september .
i don't know if i've ever told you , but you have beautiful eyes .
i feel depressed because there are a lot of things i have to do .
i had to catch the first train this morning to get here in time .
i just wanted to tell you that i'm really sorry for what i said .
i keep a good supply of stamps to save trips to the post office .
i know you're nervous , but rest assured , you won't feel a thing .
i never expected to find such a nice hotel in a place like this .
i really appreciate the fact that you like me just the way i am .
i suppose it makes sense to go ahead and pay the bill right now .
i think it wouldn't be too hard to come up with a better system .
i think it's time for me to talk to the boss about this problem .
i want each of you to tell me exactly what you did last weekend .
i would advise you strongly to do what the boss asked you to do .
i'm not sure what's wrong . we should have heard from him by now .
i'm sorry for calling so late . i just wanted to hear your voice .
if all goes to plan , i should be back home again tomorrow night .
if you testify against him , we can put him behind bars for good .
it's an intriguing theory , but i don't see how it can be tested .
next time i visit san francisco , i'd like to stay at that hotel .
she advised him to take a rest , but he didn't follow her advice .
she was asked to convince him to get his son to paint the house .
she wouldn't let up until i agreed to go to the movies with her .
the accident left a long , deep gash in the side of the airplane .
the police are certain to get him in the end wherever he may go .
the second the mailman comes , he rushes out to pick up his mail .
they have us out - gunned , but we'll have the element of surprise .
tom always keeps a set of jumper cables in the trunk of his car .
tom didn't tell his parents that he had gotten an f on the test .
we found a beautiful , blue lagoon on the far side of the island .
we have to nip this problem in the bud before it gets any worse .
when dad finds out what you've done , he's going to hit the roof .
when would you have time to come over and help me move my piano ?
yesterday , as i was walking along the street , i saw an accident .
you have the right to free speech , but not the right to slander .
you should always wear a seat belt when you are riding in a car .
you'll never know whether you can do it or not if you don't try .
before you can love others , you need to be able to love yourself .
could you please tell me how tall you are and how much you weigh ?
exports in january were up 20 % over the same period of last year .
father has lost his job , and what's worse , mother has fallen ill .
he loves a banquet , provided he is not expected to make a speech .
he wanted to see a bullfight , but his father wouldn't let him go .
i ate some greek food at a nearby restaurant just a few days ago .
i couldn't meet him at the station because my car ran out of gas .
i don't feel like going to the movies . let's take a walk instead .
i explained to the host that i had been delayed by a traffic jam .
i missed a step on the stairs and i'm afraid i sprained my ankle .
i shouldn't have put my laptop so close to the edge of the table .
i still need to use these things , so please don't take them away .
i think it's time for me to spend a little time with my children .
i would like to become a top model and travel all over the world .
i'm going to sit on the bench over there next to the street lamp .
if john phones me , please tell him i'll be back by seven o'clock .
if we don't get something to eat soon , we'll all starve to death .
is it correct to say that the qur'an is the bible of the muslims ?
my office is on the fourth floor of that gray six - story building .
never in my wildest dreams did i ever think you'd go out with me .
the only golden rule is that he who has the gold makes the rules .
the only thing that matters is whether or not you can do the job .
there are more cars on the road in the summer than in the winter .
this book will give you a clear idea of the american way of life .
this letter is personal , and i don't want anyone else to read it .
tom always checks to verify that no dyes are in any food he buys .
tom hopes he doesn't have to live in boston for more than a year .
tom was really glad to hear that mary was going to help him move .
we can continue playing , as long as we don't make too much noise .
we got stuck in a traffic jam , which made us twenty minutes late .
what's the name of that fat girl you used to date in high school ?
when she was in los angeles , she had at least six different jobs .
all eyes were glued on the tv set as the election results came in .
at the best hotels , there is always someone at your beck and call .
can you tell me how you found out that tom wasn't at school today ?
can't you ever be punctual ? i have been waiting here for one hour .
do you think my cat and your pet rat will get along well together ?
do you think you can manage to keep things going until i get back ?
even though i had eaten a lot for breakfast , i was already hungry .
even though there were many cookies on the dish , i only ate three .
has it occurred to you that you might be the one with the problem ?
he got down on his knees and prayed for the souls of the deceased .
he seems not to be aware of the conflict between my father and me .
he'll be back in two hours . in the meantime , let's prepare dinner .
i can't come up with a good excuse for being late for the dentist .
i had to resign because i just didn't get along with the new boss .
i realize that you guys wouldn't be here if you didn't have to be .
i thought about writing you a message , but never got around to it .
i want to learn to speak hawaiian , so i can impress my girlfriend .
i wonder when they'll come out with a cell phone in a wrist watch .
i'd love to be able to find more time that i could spend relaxing .
i'll be back in thirty minutes so i'll be in time for the concert .
i'm glad that they fixed the heating system , but now it's too hot .
i'm not saying that we can't win . i'm just saying it's not likely .
if you don't have anything nice to say , don't say anything at all .
if you had stuck around , you'd have met the girl i've been seeing .
if you look carefully , you'll see that the box has a false bottom .
if you want to become a good writer , you need to practice writing .
if you're going to start a new business , you need a business plan .
in these two or three years , he acquired a large amount of wealth .
it will take her at least two years to be qualified for that post .
it's one thing to make plans , but quite another to carry them out .
judging from the look on his face , it seems that he has succeeded .
just as i was getting the hang of things , they changed the system .
keep a box of baking soda in the fridge to keep it smelling clean .
no matter how often i tell her , she keeps making the same mistake .
one more thing . if you try anything on mayu i'll break your spine .
one of my neighbors called and said i left one of my windows open .
she advised him to give up smoking , but he wouldn't listen to her .
she asked him to read it for her because she had lost her glasses .
she came up with a good way of making money by using the internet .
the boy gathered a handful of peanuts and put them in a small box .
the new model is expected to be put on the market early next year .
the poor old man became so thin that now he's just skin and bones .
there is always the risk of losing all the data on your hard disk .
there was a modern - looking coffee table in the center of the room .
this necklace is so beautiful that i'd like to buy in for my wife .
tom said that he wanted to go visit santa claus at the north pole .
we found it very hard going back to our base camp in the blizzard .
we'll all be hungry , so be sure to bring enough food for everyone .
when i was in high school , i used to earn extra money babysitting .
when you leave the room , please make sure you turn off the lights .
you'd be amazed how long it takes tom to get ready in the morning .
a pet theory of mine is that things should be seen from a distance .
all the skill of the sailors gave way to the violence of the storm .
as soon as the accident occurred , a police car rushed to the scene .
despite all my efforts , i will not have the report ready by friday .
each time i see mary , i learn something new and important from her .
he has been living in the cabin by himself for more than ten years .
his wife is in the hospital because she was injured in a car crash .
i can't show up looking like i've been working on the farm all day .
i looked around and noticed that mine was the only car on the road .
i think it is about time we changed our ways of disposing of waste .
i think that you and i should probably be able to get along better .
i thought a walk in the park might take our minds off our troubles .
i thought he was an american but he turned out to be an englishman .
i want to give you some money to help you through these hard times .
i went to every modern art show that took place in tokyo last year .
in the last typhoon , the wind blew at over 200 kilometers per hour !
it took me more than two hours to translate a few pages of english .
no matter how capable you are , you're not going to get a promotion .
no matter how hard i practiced , i wasn't able to do the backstroke .
she hated him so much that our family could never go and visit him .
six months ago i had an operation for the cataract in my right eye .
the teacher pointed her finger at me and asked me to come with her .
the way tom drives , he's going to have an accident sooner or later .
tom and mary don't seem to really talk to each other all that much .
tom finally mustered up the courage to ask mary to go out with him .
tom has no intention of staying in boston for the rest of his life .
tom was pacing back and forth in the parking lot , waiting for mary .
tom would've liked you . it's too bad that you never met each other .
we will have to put off the soccer game because of the bad weather .
when i was growing up , i never imagined that i would become famous .
when he was in the military , he conformed to the strict army rules .
will you have a little time this weekend to help me with my french ?
you should wear your hair down more often . it looks great that way .
a molecule of water is made up of one oxygen and two hydrogen atoms .
a poor school record will count against you when you look for a job .
all the villagers went out into the hills to look for a missing cat .
being aware of what and how much we eat is essential to good health .
do you know how many people in the world starve to death every year ?
having worked on the farm all day long , he was completely tired out .
he prefers plain , simple people , for he is plain and simple himself .
he was the kind of kid who was always showing off to his classmates .
i can think of some situations in which a knife would come in handy .
i don't know what we're going to find , but we should find something .
i don't think i want to answer any more of your questions right now .
i ordered the children to stay quiet , but they kept on making noise .
i think i've figured out which horse is most likely to win the race .
i was just wondering how it would feel to be punched in the stomach .
i'd like to ask you a few questions about what you did last weekend .
i'd like to think about it a little longer before i make a decision .
i've been so busy this past week that i've hardly had time to relax .
if two men always have the same opinion , one of them is unnecessary .
it would be better if you didn't drink so much coffee late at night .
keeping a diary also gives us a chance to reflect on our daily life .
not doing one's work properly may be worse than not doing it at all .
she made it clear that she couldn't make it in time for the meeting .
thank you for the time you spent with me during my visit to atlanta .
the fire that broke out last night was judged to be caused by arson .
the sky grew darker and darker , and the wind blew harder and harder .
there were many things that we needed to do to prepare for our trip .
tom wants mary to know he's not planning on asking her to marry him .
we waited up for him until two o'clock and then finally went to bed .
a lot of young people your age are already working and have a family .
after i graduated from college , i got a job with my father's company .
as a writer , she does not fit into any of the traditional categories .
he doesn't seem to be aware of the conflict between my father and me .
i came to tokyo three years ago and have been living here ever since .
i can't believe that you really sold that junk for such a high price .
i can't think of any other way of getting him to accept our proposal .
i chopped the onions and put them in a casserole with butter and oil .
i hate myself for not having the will power to quit eating junk food .
i have trouble falling asleep because i always have a lot on my mind .
i never dreamed of there being such a quiet place in this noisy city .
i think it's dangerous to climb a mountain on a day when it's stormy .
i want to believe there's still a chance for us to be happy together .
i wonder whether a man could live with only two hours' sleep a night .
i'll lend you my textbook if you promise not to write anything in it .
i've already drunk half a bottle of wine while i was waiting for you .
it is not until you have lost your health that you realize its value .
it was on the morning of february the ninth that i arrived in london .
it'll take some time until we have enough money to buy a new tractor .
my waist size has recently increased . i guess it's middle - age spread .
she claims that she knows nothing about him , but i don't believe her .
she intended to go shopping with her mother , but her mother was busy .
she spent most of her senior year in high school strung out on drugs .
sitting down all day and looking at a computer screen is bad for you .
very fat people waddle when they walk , though few of them realize it .
all you have to do is sit down here and answer the doctor's questions .
do you think it's possible for me to ever sound like a native speaker ?
i cannot help feeling that the attempt has turned out to be a failure .
i finally have enough money to buy the kind of car i've always wanted .
i hurried to the station only to find that the train had already left .
i want to work as a volunteer to make amends for everything i've done .
i'd like to explain everything , but i don't think we have enough time .
i'm usually pretty good with faces , but i didn't recognize him at all .
if the spaghetti sticks when you throw it against the wall , it's done .
if you travel by shinkansen , it doesn't seem far from nagoya to tokyo .
in judging his work , we must take his lack of experience into account .
it was during the ice age that the saber - toothed tiger became extinct .
on the same day , apollo 11 succeeded in landing on the moon's surface .
she always speaks to him in a loud voice because he's hard of hearing .
she handed him his jacket then opened the door and asked him to leave .
tom got time and a half when he worked beyond his usual quitting time .
tom took the sheets off the bed and put them into the washing machine .
would you mind not talking about your surgery now - i'm trying to eat .
i was nearly ten when my parents gave me a chemistry set for christmas .
i'd be grateful if you could take a look when you've got time sometime .
i'm glad to hear that your sister is out of danger after her operation .
i've got better things to do than to sit here listening to your gossip .
instead of cutting down on cigarettes , why don't you just give them up ?
it was not until i left school that i realized the importance of study .
it will make little difference whether you go there by taxi or on foot .
many people will lose their jobs due to the slump in the auto industry .
my father was no less affectionate and tender to me than my mother was .
she spends a lot of time helping her children learn to deal with money .
thanks for all you've done to make my special day such a memorable one .
the back wheels on that tractor have ball bearings the size of my fist .
the game would not have been called off if it hadn't rained so heavily .
the only thing that really matters is whether or not you did your best .
the population of china is about eight times as large as that of japan .
the war between the two countries ended with a big loss for both sides .
there is an urgent need for more people to donate their time and money .
we moved into this house last month , but we still haven't settled down .
what makes you think tom would ever consider going on a date with mary ?
when i was strolling along the beach this morning , i found this bottle .
when it comes to marital spats , there's usually two sides to the story .
a pick is a long handled tool used for breaking up hard ground surfaces .
after i got married , my japanese got better and i could understand more .
data can be transmitted from the main computer to yours , and vice versa .
even though i ate three bowls of cereal for breakfast , i'm still hungry .
everybody in the car said they wanted to get out and stretch their legs .
have you ever wanted something so much that you'd do anything to get it ?
he had been living in nagano for seven years when his daughter was born .
he ran off with his best friend's wife and hasn't been heard from since .
he was raised in the united states , but his native language is japanese .
how much more does it cost to return the rental car to another location ?
i also gave him a little something as a christmas present the other day .
i knew i shouldn't have put off doing my homework until the last minute .
i never for a moment imagined we wouldn't get home before the storm hit .
i think it's highly unlikely that you'll be able to do that by yourself .
i'd like to ask you a few questions about what happened at school today .
instead of eating vegetables , he puts them in a blender and drinks them .
rather than cutting down on cigarettes , why don't you just give them up ?
she denied having met him even though we saw them talking to each other .
the company asked the bank to loan them some money to buy new machinery .
the lawyer asked the judge to make allowance for the age of the accused .
the more worthless the plant , the more rapid and splendid is its growth .
there is an urgent need for a new approach to dealing with this problem .
we were talking about something at that time , but i don't remember what .
when we started this business , neither one of us had had any experience .
you may think your comment was innocuous , but i found it very offensive .
your dream of becoming a baseball player will come true if you try hard .
a great warrior radiates strength . he doesn't have to fight to the death .
he led his men and horses over snowy mountains and down into hot valleys .
i can't tell you everything i've been told because i've been told not to .
i just want to let you know that i can't attend this afternoon's meeting .
it's amazing that so many people cross this street when the light is red .
mother teresa was a catholic nun who lived and worked in calcutta , india .
people no longer consider it strange for men to let their hair grow long .
she borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it .
she had hardly begun to read the book before someone knocked at the door .
she visits the dentist on a regular basis , so she seldom gets toothaches .
the family had been sleeping for about two hours when the fire broke out .
the reason tom didn't go with us was because he didn't have enough money .
the series of crimes were thought to have been committed by the same man .
tom doesn't want an ipad . he wants a portable device that supports flash .
tom's jokes are hilarious and get even better after he's had a few beers .
what he said yesterday is not consistent with what he had said last week .
you're the only person i know that likes getting up early in the morning .
after her husband's death , she brought up the two children all by herself .
he tried to behave as bravely as possible while he was being held hostage .
i didn't want to spend any more time than necessary cooking for my family .
i noticed that i had grown up when i started following my parents' advice .
i think it's unlikely that any store would sell this model for that price .
i will have graduated from college by the time you come back from america .
i'd like to discuss the possibility of you coming to work for our company .
my teacher told me that i should have spent more time preparing my speech .
she decided to drink water instead of soft drinks in order to lose weight .
the house did not suffer much damage because the fire was quickly put out .
the most important thing in the olympics is not to win but to participate .
the victim is thought to have taken a large quantity of poison by mistake .
there is milk all over the kitchen floor because my wife broke the bottle .
tom began to look for a job three months before he graduated from college .
what you spend time doing in your childhood affects the rest of your life .
you should consult a dictionary when you don't know the meaning of a word .
americans may regard shy people as less capable than those who are not shy .
because of the bad weather , the plane's departure was delayed by two hours .
he seems like a respectable businessman , but he's really part of the mafia .
i think it's highly unlikely that we'll be able to escape from this prison .
i thought there was a possibility that tom was going to break the contract .
i'm afraid we can't rule out the possibility that she may have the disease .
isn't it about time you guys buried the hatchet and let bygones be bygones ?
it must be nice having someone who sticks around even when times get tough .
outside the school , she saw people with no homes living in cardboard boxes .
the demon lord finally lost conciousness and fell to the floor with a thud .
the doctors said he would never again be able to walk without some support .
this is the unforgettable place where we met each other for the first time .
tom thought mary wouldn't be able to earn more than thirty dollars an hour .
when the desire for leisure is stronger than the other urges , leisure wins .
a more experienced lawyer would have dealt with the case in a different way .
blind people read by touching , using a system of raised dots called braille .
do you think the supersonics will go all the way to the world championships ?
don't forget to spend a little time looking over your notes before the exam .
i think it's unlikely that a situation like this one would ever occur again .
if you had made more effort , you would have passed the entrance examination .
nearly one billion people around the globe lack access to clean , safe water .
since the accident , tom has given up hope of becoming a professional dancer .
the fire brigade was on the scene within five minutes of receiving the call .
the most valuable skill one can acquire is the ability to think for oneself .
the two gunshot victims are in the intensive care unit at a nearby hospital .
to the best of my knowledge , this chemical will prevent germs from breeding .
you should assume that we won't have enough money to buy everything we want .
according to some scholars , a major earthquake could occur at any moment now .
after i graduated from college , i spent two years traveling around the world .
could you please reschedule the meeting at a time that is convenient for you ?
if you want something done right , sometimes you've just gotta do it yourself .
of course , recognizing our common humanity is only the beginning of our task .
schools are expected to meet the needs of every child , regardless of ability .
that accident is a very good example of what happens when you're not careful .
the most important thing in the olympic games is not winning but taking part .
the population of london is much greater than that of any other british city .
there is an urgent need for a more effective method of treating this disease .
this is what is called a 'present' in some countries and 'bribery' in others .
what happened to that friend of yours that you introduced me to last weekend ?
you need to stop complaining all the time about things that can't be changed .
he had been working in the factory for three years when the accident occurred .
i remember when we used to never eat vegetables that we didn't grow ourselves .
the ambulance went out of control and came close to running over a pedestrian .
according to the weather forecast , the typhoon is likely to approach the coast .
i just don't understand what goes through the minds of people who troll forums .
she was always trying to provoke me into saying something i would regret later .
the removal of the load - bearing beam compromised the structure of the building .
the stock market crash of october 1987 in new york is still vividly remembered .
there are only five minutes left till the train leaves and she hasn't appeared .
tom was horrified when he noticed that his daughter had had her tongue pierced .
you'll never get ahead in this place unless you go through the proper channels .
anything you could do in support of their effort would be very much appreciated .
car accidents are the leading cause of death for teenagers in the united states .
i tried buddhist meditation once , but i fell asleep halfway through the session .
if he is in middle circumstances his clothes will be chosen chiefly for comfort .
my teacher told me that i should have spent more time preparing my presentation .
while you are asleep , the bodily functions slow down and body temperature falls .
all people can become friends , even if their languages and customs are different .
experts have failed to come up with an explanation of why the explosion happened .
it goes without saying that it was supremely difficult to carry out this mission .
studies say that true happiness comes from giving back , not from material things .
the most essential thing in the world to any individual is to understand himself .
the radio warned us of the coming earthquake and we started gathering our things .
this monument is dedicated to the soldiers who gave their lives to their country .
between 1820 and 1973 , the united states admitted more than 46 million immigrants .
japan's foreign aid is decreasing in part because of an economic slowdown at home .
experts say coffee prices are rising mainly because people are willing to pay more .
some non - native speakers think they speak the language better than native speakers .
there is an urgent need for understanding how climate change will affect our lives .
a huge federal budget deficit has been plaguing the american economy for many years .
activist groups for the environment and food safety question the product ’ s safety .
new year's cards provide us with the opportunity to hear from friends and relatives .
the coach urged his team not to be complacent following their four consecutive wins .
visitors are usually asked to remove their shoes before they enter a japanese house .
a growing child who doesn't seem to have much energy perhaps needs medical attention .
although our universe is still young , theorists are busy exploring its ultimate fate .
many native speakers of japanese have trouble hearing the difference between b and v .
the company , although with some exceptions , usually utilizes its resources very well .
it's recommended that you don't write your passwords down where others might see them .
many , if not most , professional translators only translate into their native language .
there's a chance that tap water may contain harmful substances like chlorine and lead .
if the university doesn't have enough students , the administration will cancel the class .
the poor acoustics in the hall severely affected the audience's enjoyment of the concert .
the police told the demonstrators that they'd be arrested if they didn't move immediately .
you probably eat genetically modified fruits and vegetables all the time without knowing it .
rwandan rebels are pushing their offensive south as fighting continues in the capital kigali .
it's customary for waiters and waitresses to introduce themselves using only their first names .
carbon monoxide is a poisonous substance formed by the incomplete combustion of carbon compounds .
" do you like cake ? " " yes , i do . "
" are you a teacher ? " " yes , i am . "
" are you tired ? " " no , not at all . "
" may i park here ? " " no , you can't . "
" do you speak german ? " " no , i don't . "
" when do you swim ? " " i swim in july . "
" how old are you ? " " i'm 16 years old . "
" will you help me ? " " i'll be glad to . "
" i feel like playing cards . " " so do i . "
" i'd like to play cards . " " so would i . "
" does she play tennis ? " " yes , she does . "
" are those your books ? " " no , they aren't . "
" what time is it now ? " " it's ten o'clock . "
we believe the time of death was 2 : 20 p . m .
" how about playing catch ? " " sure , why not ? "
his plane leaves for hong kong at 2 : 00 p . m .
it's the story of a boy , a girl , and a cat .
let ’ s go now . otherwise , we ’ ll be late .
" may i use your dictionary ? " " by all means . "
i plan to go . i don't care if you do or not .
" are the drinks free ? " " only for the ladies . "
" where was he headed ? " " he was headed north . "
i am tired of the day - to - day routine of life .
i want a car , but i have no money to buy one .
" thank you for your help . " " it's my pleasure . "
" tom's death was an accident . " " are you sure ? "
" where are my glasses ? " " where you left them . "
" will it stop raining soon ? " " i'm afraid not . "
a camel is , so to speak , a ship on the desert .
he said to her under his breath , " i love you . "
" thank you for helping me . " " don't mention it . "
as soon as i can afford to buy a house , i will .
he lied to me . that is why i am angry with him .
i ran as fast as i could , but i missed the bus .
tom , i'm in trouble . i need you to come get me .
he's a man of his word , so you can count on him .
i am fond of soccer , rugby , football , and so on .
if i had one million yen now , i would buy a car .
it is kind of you go out of your way to help me .
she asked him to stay , but he had to go to work .
the only way to know if it fits is to try it on .
there is not much i can do to help , i am afraid .
" when does he study ? " " he studies before dinner . "
as soon as i get to london , i'll drop you a line .
do you think we should import rice from the u . s . ?
each time i went to see him , i found him at work .
he said he did not know the man , which was a lie .
i had to pay a large sum of money to get it back .
i have work to do , so go away and leave me alone .
i ran as fast as i could , but i missed the train .
i went to his house at 3 o'clock , but he was out .
if i were in your place , i would lend him a hand .
if you buy me an ice cream , i'll give you a kiss .
in case i am late , you don't have to wait for me .
it ’ s not a bug , it ’ s an undocumented feature .
to tell the truth , i'm not in favor of it at all .
you must do the work , even if you do not like it .
at a young age , i had to learn to fend for myself .
he said that his father was ill , but it was a lie .
i am of the opinion that this is the way to do it .
i don't care why tom did it . i'm just glad he did .
i hope he'll be able to come ! i'd like to see him .
i just got up . give me a few minutes to get ready .
i owe you a big one for getting me out of the jam .
if there was no sun , we would not be able to live .
it is cheap , but on the other hand it is not good .
it was mad of him to try to swim in the icy water .
it was nice of you to come all this way to see me .
my uncle lived in washington , d . c . for two years .
you can only come to china if you ’ ve got a visa .
your plan is a good one , but mine is a better one .
a few days ago , you didn't even want to talk to me .
all of a sudden , i felt a sharp pain in my stomach .
as far as i know , he has never made such a mistake .
as soon as she saw me , she greeted me with a smile .
do what you can , with what you have , where you are .
every time i went to his house , he was not at home .
for me , being a doctor isn't a job , it's a calling .
he is a type of a person who calls a spade a spade .
how long has it been since you played with a yo - yo ?
i could tell you that i love you , but i'd be lying .
i don't know if i can make it to your party or not .
i don't want to see him , let alone go out with him .
i had the chance to buy that , but i decided not to .
i told you guys to go home . why are you still here ?
i took the 10 : 30 train , which was ten minutes late .
i want you to write to me as soon as you get there .
i've got no place to go , so i'm going to stay here .
if i were a rich man , i wouldn't have to work hard .
it's out of stock , but i can give you a rain check .
on the whole , i think your plan is a very good one .
she asked if she could use the phone , so i let her .
the old man in front of us is ninety - two years old .
when i got up , the sun was already high in the sky .
" my father doesn't drink . " " neither does my father . "
a poet looks at the world as a man looks at a woman .
for the past 10 years , i've fed my dog dry dog food .
he did not answer the phone , so i sent him an email .
he is not the man that he was when i first knew him .
i just want to go home and see my wife and the kids .
i know you see it , but are you really looking at it ?
i used to go swimming in the sea when i was a child .
i was unable to attend the party , nor did i want to .
i'll be back soon . i have to run to the post office .
if i had had more time , i would have written to you .
if i had more money , i could move to a bigger house .
if you don't mind , i'd like to be alone for a while .
long , long ago , there lived an old man and his wife .
long , long ago , there lived an old man in a village .
my cousin , who is a lawyer , is in france at present .
no matter how hard i try , i can't swim to that rock .
the problem is not what he said , but how he said it .
we have the extra - large size , but not in that color .
we invited him to the party , but he did not show up .
we're out of tissue paper , so i need to go buy some .
you could pass for a teenager if you wore a t - shirt .
all i want to do is close my eyes and get some sleep .
are you going to break up with me if i get fat again ?
as soon as you get the wall painted , you can go home .
at the sound of my voice , my dog pricked up his ears .
better to die on our feet , than to live on our knees .
could you do me a favor ? will you lend me some money ?
i don't have a lot of money , but i get along somehow .
i estimate that the work will cost more than $ 10 , 000 .
i got this as a wedding gift , but i've never used it .
i know that the last thing you want to do is help me .
i know that the last thing you want to do is hurt me .
i think it's time for me to put new bait on the hook .
i told her to sit down and to drink a glass of water .
i was in such a hurry that i forgot to lock the door .
i wonder if he will stand by me when i am in trouble .
if i had had more money , i would have bought the pen .
if it had not been for his help , i would have failed .
if it were not for water , no one could live on earth .
in those days , i used to get up at six every morning .
it is not because i hate him , but because i love him .
it is true that he is young , but he is very reliable .
it was so hot that i thought i was going to pass out .
it was such a cold day that we decided not to go out .
mary is not poor . on the contrary , she is quite rich .
my dog ate a paper towel . i wonder if he'll get sick .
of all these books , this is by far the best on china .
she lost her way and on top of that it began to rain .
sorry , but i want to tell her this news face to face .
the sea got rough , so that we had to give up fishing .
to cross the river , you can use a boat or the bridge .
we have to figure out a way to get out of here alive .
when you can't do what you want , you do what you can .
which one do you prefer , the red one or the blue one ?
why do you say one thing , and then go and do another ?
you don't have to eat with tom , but i wish you would .
you want me to do your dirty work for you , don't you ?
young as he is , he has a large family to provide for .
as soon as we get the tickets , we'll send them to you .
did you break up with tom or did he break up with you ?
don't be so glum about it . life has its ups and downs .
every day i either ride a bike or get the bus to work .
how do i know that you're not going to try to kill me ?
i am not sure whether i will be able to come with you .
i can hardly wait to get home and sleep in my own bed .
i failed to catch the last bus , and came home by taxi .
i feel better today , but i am not well enough to work .
i got up early , so that i could catch the first train .
i just want to let you know that i won't let you down .
i knew i shouldn't have done it , but i did it anyways .
i think it's time for me to get a new pair of glasses .
i used to go fishing quite often , but now i rarely go .
i want to live in a quiet city where the air is clean .
i was flat on my back for a week with a terrible cold .
i wish you could drop in at my house on your way home .
if i had been rich , i would have given you some money .
if it snows on the mountain , it is cold in the valley .
if you don't want to be alone , i can keep you company .
if you don't want to give a speech , you don't have to .
if you have something to say , say it now or pipe down .
if you plant an apple seed , it might grow into a tree .
if you rest , you will be back on your feet again soon .
if you turn on me like that , i won't say another word .
if you want me to play the piano , i'll play the piano .
it is very kind of you to send me such a nice present .
it was a fine day and there were no clouds in the sky .
it would be good to sleep , even for just a little bit .
judging from the look of the sky , it is going to snow .
much as i'd like to come , i'm afraid i'll be too busy .
no matter what i try , i can't seem to give up smoking .
she told him a joke , but he didn't think it was funny .
she took a flower from the vase and held it out to me .
tell us what you want and we'll try to get it for you .
the best thing to do is to ask an expert to repair it .
the bus is full . you'll have to wait for the next one .
tom didn't even know how to say " thank you " in french .
tom is left - handed , but he writes with his right hand .
you can get a lot of bang for your buck at this store .
a few years ago , there was a huge scandal at my school .
day in and day out , he does nothing but tend his sheep .
do you mind if i open the window and let the smoke out ?
from the look of the sky , it may begin to snow tonight .
he had been ill for a week when they sent for a doctor .
he hung an old , wooden oar on his wall as a decoration .
he is sure to pass the exam if he studies at this rate .
he listened to the news on the radio as he fed his dog .
his record is a new world record in the 100 - meter dash .
i can't start up my computer . what am i supposed to do ?
i can't turn the shower off . could you check it for me ?
i don't see why i have to go to your house at midnight .
i found a good place to buy fruit a couple of days ago .
i had stage fright at first , but i got over it quickly .
i had stuff to do so i didn't have time to feel lonely .
i just want to say how thankful i am for all your help .
i made a list of people i wanted to invite to my party .
i missed the last bus and had to walk home in the rain .
i suppose you want to ask me who i was with last night .
i used to go fishing with my father when i was a child .
i used to keep a diary in english when i was a student .
i want you to return the book i lent you the other day .
if i had bought the painting then , i would be rich now .
if i were in your situation , i would do the same thing .
if i'd had a little more money , i would have bought it .
if it doesn't rain soon , our garden is going to dry up .
if it were not for plants , we wouldn't be able to live .
if the sun were to go out , all living things would die .
if you are not going to the concert , then neither am i .
if you want something done , ask a busy person to do it .
it is true that i was head over heels in love with her .
it may not be a good idea to eat while you are running .
it might sound far - fetched , but this is a real problem .
it took him a long time to take in what she was saying .
it's a lot easier to fall in love than to stay in love .
it's no use for him to try to find out the real reason .
judging from the look of the sky , it is likely to rain .
next time you come , don't forget to give it back to me .
no matter what you say , i am convinced that i am right .
our rent is four times as much as it was ten years ago .
please drop it in the mail if it's not out of your way .
she asked me what had become of him , but i didn't know .
she is two years old , but she can already count to 100 .
since i didn't know what to do , i asked him for advice .
sorry , but can you show me the way to the next village ?
take a few steps and tell me if it hurts when you walk .
the last thing i want to do is cause you any more pain .
the radio is too loud . can't you turn it down a little ?
those who know do not talk . those who talk do not know .
what kind of deodorant do you prefer , spray or roll - on ?
whenever i see you , my heart tells me that i'm in love .
you don't have to go to the party if you don't want to .
a female friend of mine loves to go to gay bars with me .
all the kids at school made fun of me because i was fat .
apart from on rainy days , i always ride my bike to work .
as far as the eye could see , there was nothing but sand .
do you know how far it is from the station to city hall ?
even though he was exhausted , he had to go back to work .
every time i look at this picture , i think of my father .
he is not the sort of man who counts on others for help .
i asked the butcher to trim all the fat off of the meat .
i can't just leave . i have to tell the boss i'm leaving .
i still have just enough time to get this done , i think .
i stopped at the store and got some milk on my way back .
i studied french in school , but i'm not very good at it .
i will do that work on condition that i get paid for it .
i'm not sure what it was , but it sounded like a gunshot .
i've made up my mind to give back all the money i stole .
if i had eaten more for lunch , i wouldn't be hungry now .
if i had wanted your opinion , i would have asked for it .
if it had not been for your advice , i would have failed .
if you are to know a nation , you must learn its history .
if you can't come , you should let me know ahead of time .
if you can't fix the pipe , we'll have to call a plumber .
if you didn't eat the cake i made , then your sister did .
if you don't do your duty , people will look down on you .
if you don't want to stay alone , i can keep you company .
if you follow me , i'll show you the way to the hospital .
if you tell a lie enough times , you begin to believe it .
if you want this job , you must apply for it by tomorrow .
it is the price they pay for their years of over - eating .
it was the end of winter , and the weather was very cold .
it will take a little time to get used to wearing a wig .
it would be better for you to stay away from such a man .
it's cold . it was foolish of you not to bring your coat .
no matter how fast you run , you won't catch up with him .
no matter how hard you try , the result will be the same .
no matter where you may go , don't forget to write to me .
she has a bad habit of talking a long time on the phone .
she tells him to give her all of his salary and he does .
she was about to call him up when he walked in the door .
the u . s . incarceration rate is the highest in the world .
tom always makes it a rule never to ask a woman her age .
tom picked up a book , opened it , and started reading it .
what he said applies , to a certain extent , to this case .
a burglar broke into my house while i was away on a trip .
a man's worth lies in what he is rather than what he has .
a voyage to the moon in a spaceship is no longer a dream .
after his wife died , he lived for quite a few more years .
all you have to do is push this button to take a picture .
at the start of every weekend , i am both tired and happy .
could you change my room to one with a view of the ocean ?
do not forget to turn the light off before you go to bed .
do you know what to do if there's a fire in the building ?
don't you think you ought to write them a thank - you note ?
excuse me , but could you scoot over a little bit , please ?
finally , i made up my mind and bought the new video game .
he did a rough drawing to show me the way to the station .
he is not more than two or three years younger than i am .
how long does it take to go to the office from your home ?
how long does it take to walk from here to the city hall ?
i didn't do well on the test so my parents chewed me out .
i don't know how many more times i'll be able to do this .
i don't mean to pry , but are you having problems at home ?
i knew we were going to get married the moment i met you .
i think i can reach the branch if you'll give me a boost .
i think , without a doubt , that i'll win the tennis match .
i'd like to make it clear that i will not change my mind .
i'll see to it that you get a raise after the first year .
if it weren't for music , the world would be a dull place .
if there's anything i can do for you , please let me know .
if there's anything i can do to help , please let me know .
if you do not have this program , you can download it now .
in 1994 , there was a shortage of water and rice in japan .
in case of fire , break the glass and push the red button .
in order to swim , you have to learn to tread water first .
it will take me 20 minutes to get to the station by taxi .
it's not at all rare to live to be over ninety years old .
jobs are hard to come by with so many people out of work .
no other mountain in the world is so high as mt . everest .
she talks to her sister on the phone for hours at a time .
she tried to lift the box , but found it impossible to do .
since he had a bad cold , he was absent from school today .
since my nephew was still young , he was let off the hook .
the bath was not hot enough and i was unable to enjoy it .
the last bus had already gone when i got to the bus stop .
the last time i went to the beach , i got badly sunburned .
the train was so crowded that i had to stand all the way .
the trouble is that my son does not want to go to school .
there is no need to take his advice if you don't want to .
this is the last time i'll ask you to do anything for me .
tom is not available at the moment . may i take a message ?
tom made a list of things he wanted to do before he died .
we hope that you will be able to join us at this seminar .
when you get to be my age , you'll understand what i mean .
whether you like it or not , you have to do your homework .
will it be necessary for us to buy a book for this class ?
you can save your breath . there is no use talking to him .
you're a good student , but you still have a lot to learn .
a big bomb fell , and a great many people lost their lives .
all you have to do is to write your name and address here .
as soon as the results are made public , i'll let you know .
from the hill , we could see all the buildings in the city .
he may still be young , but he really is a reliable person .
he remembered that room 418 , a very small room , was empty .
how long does it take to go from here to the hilton hotel ?
i don't care where we eat dinner . it's entirely up to you .
i feel like i should say something , but i don't know what .
i fell down really hard and got a black bruise on my knee .
i had no idea there were so many people in the other room .
i had no sooner left the house than it began to rain hard .
i had to get all the facts before i could make a decision .
i hate to bother you , but would you mind closing the door ?
i have made up my mind to achieve my goals in three years .
i have to tell her that the phone rang while she was gone .
i know that i'm supposed to enjoy this class , but i don't .
i look forward to seeing you on my next trip to your city .
i love you and i don't want anything bad to happen to you .
i often read the bible at night just before i go to sleep .
i remember being on a ship when i was only five years old .
i think that girl cut her hair to give herself a new look .
i think the number of common - law marriages is on the rise .
i used to think it didn't really matter what i fed my dog .
i'd be much obliged if you could give me a lift into town .
i'd like to spend less time at work and more time at home .
i'm glad tom was able to see you while you were in boston .
i'm sorry i wasn't able to see you when you came by today .
i've never been to new york , and my sister hasn't , either .
if he donates a kidney , he can survive with the other one .
it almost scared me not to see you online for a whole day .
near the equator , the weather is hot and humid year - round .
please see to it that the child does not go near the pond .
see to it that all the doors are locked before you go out .
she was the last person i expected to see in such a place .
she's made up her mind and refuses to be talked out of it .
that species of bird is said to be in danger of dying out .
the contract is in the bag , so let's go out and celebrate .
the frame of the house should be finished in a day or two .
the more we learn , the more we realize how little we know .
the wind was so strong , we were nearly blown off the road .
there's a man with a gun in his hand standing at the door .
they cut a hole in the ice and swam in the freezing water .
to the best of my knowledge , the lake is the deepest here .
was this wall built to keep people out or to keep them in ?
we have to learn all the songs before the end of the week .
we must hurry if we want to arrive at the station on time .
we took refuge in a cave and waited for the storm to pass .
would you have asked me this question if i had been a man ?
you owe it to those who are dependent upon you to do this .
you should have locked , or at least closed , all the doors .
you will exist but you will never know what it is to live .
a lot of people are waiting to see what is going to happen .
a priest was called in to give last rites to the dying man .
a well - made cup of coffee should require no cream or sugar .
as always , he got up early in the morning and went jogging .
could you please talk a bit louder ? i can't hear very well .
don't eat the fruit in the bowl on the table . it's plastic .
he did well in all subjects and , above all , in mathematics .
he had to call on all his experience to carry out the plan .
he has given up running in order to focus on the long jump .
he made it clear that he had nothing to do with the matter .
he raised the glass to his lips and drained it at one gulp .
he was about to fall asleep , when he heard his name called .
how about staying for dinner ? i'm making a big pot of stew .
how many times a day do you look at yourself in the mirror ?
i asked tom why he wasn't planning to go to boston with us .
i can get to work faster by walking than by taking the car .
i felt quite relieved after i had said all i wanted to say .
i get the feeling that no one here is telling us the truth .
i know a few words of french , just enough to be understood .
i like him not because he is kind but because he is honest .
i want to cut down on the time it takes to process records .
i was planning to call him , but changed my mind and didn't .
i'm sorry to disturb you , but there's a phone call for you .
i've never seen two people so much in love as tom and mary .
if i were you , i'd think twice before going down that path .
if it weren't for music , the world would be a boring place .
if only she were to help , the job would be finished sooner .
if you keep harping on his flaws , he'll grow to resent you .
if you trespass on his property , he'll sic his dogs on you .
it is sad that so few people give money to help the hungry .
it took me more than a week to put the model ship together .
it was raining hard , but she insisted on going for a drive .
it was such a cold day that there was nobody on the street .
it would be a pity if you let this opportunity pass you by .
judging from the look of the sky , it will be fine tomorrow .
my sister was robbed of her bag on her way home last night .
no matter how bad it gets , she won't die from that disease .
no matter how hard i try , i can't remember the exact words .
no matter how much i think about it , i can't understand it .
our firm is on the verge of bankruptcy , i'm ashamed to say .
please help yourself to some apple pie . i baked it for you .
she braked hard when she saw a child run out into the road .
she is rich , certainly , but i don't think she's very smart .
she was the last woman that i expected to see at the party .
she's only two years old , but she can already count to 100 .
sometimes when it's very cold , i can't get my car to start .
the mouse was lured into the trap by a big piece of cheese .
they were ready to run the risk of being shot by the enemy .
this is going to be the hottest summer in thirty - six years .
tom told mary that he had finished the work a few days ago .
we cannot tell a good person from a bad one by looks alone .
we'd better hurry . i don't want to be late for the concert .
we'll do away with all these silly rules as soon as we can .
what does your spouse like to do that you don't like to do ?
what has happened to the book i put here a few moments ago ?
what we have is one thing and what we are is quite another .
why don't we drive out to the country for a change of pace ?
you have to have a lot of stamina to be an olympic athlete .
a dog that barks all the time doesn't make a good watch dog .
all great men are dead and i am not feeling too well myself .
as far as i know , the novel is not translated into japanese .
be sure to look over your paper again before you hand it in .
do you think it's a good idea to feed your dog table scraps ?
he became so excited that what he said made no sense at all .
he's bulked up quite a bit since he's been going to the gym .
how do you console a woman who has just lost her only child ?
how many times a month do you write a letter to your mother ?
how many times do i have to repeat that she isn't my friend ?
i don't feel like studying today . let's go to a soccer game .
i had a hard time trying to persuade him to cancel the trip .
i had my car filled up at the service station at the corner .
i hope to one day speak german as well as you speak english .
i hope to soon know much more than a few sentences in dutch .
i know that this is the first time this has happened to you .
i was wondering when you were going to tell me you loved me .
i'm sure you did what you thought was the right thing to do .
if he'd been there , he'd have told you to mind your manners .
if you had taken my advice , you wouldn't be in such trouble .
it took me a while to understand what she was trying to say .
it was raining so hard that we had to put off our departure .
last night there was a fire near here , and i couldn't sleep .
let's have one more drink , and then i'll take you back home .
no matter how hard you may try , you won't succeed so easily .
seen from a distance , the big rock looks like an old castle .
she doesn't have a babysitter , so she can't go to the party .
she pooh - poohed the idea with a disdainful wave of her hand .
she was livid when she found out all the lies he'd told her .
that's a good story . the only problem is that it's not true .
the titanic sank on her maiden voyage . she was a large ship .
the crown prince is the one who is to succeed to the throne .
the news of her sudden death came like a bolt from the blue .
the people he is living with in london are coming to see me .
the power of his physique is evident to all who look at him .
there is no doubt in my mind that tom will win the election .
there's nothing more fun for me to do than to talk with him .
this is the house where that poet lived when he was a child .
this message turned out to be a little hard for me to write .
to determine its origin , we must go back to the middle ages .
tom didn't get paid as much as they told him they'd pay him .
we don't like our neighbors , and they don't like us , either .
we'll go to hong kong first , and then we'll go to singapore .
what would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail ?
when he got into trouble , he turned to his parents for help .
when you make the bed , don't forget to fluff up the pillows .
you can lie to everyone else , but you can't lie to yourself .
you get paid in proportion to the amount of the work you do .
you'd be amazed how many times i've told tom not to do that .
a young man asked us if he could succeed as a public speaker .
as had been expected , the weather turned out to be very fine .
cancer can be cured easily if it is found in its first phase .
did it ever occur to you that i might be busy this afternoon ?
do you want this done quickly or do you want this done right ?
don't go near the bulldog . you wouldn't want him to bite you .
he bought the land for the purpose of building a house on it .
he must be a good walker to have walked such a long distance .
he was so busy that he sent his son instead of going himself .
how many days will it take if i send this as registered mail ?
i didn't know that this was the first time you kissed a girl .
i do not like tea , so i generally drink coffee for breakfast .
i finally found out what had been causing the pain in my leg .
i gave you an extra hour and you still didn't finish the job .
i guess it's impossible for me to learn how to play the oboe .
i put my fingers in my ears to block out the terrible sounds .
if i had had enough money , i would have bought that computer .
if something sounds too good to be true , then it probably is .
if that is true , then he is not responsible for the accident .
if we leave now , we could be back in tucson before nightfall .
if you allow me to speak , i'll be able to explain everything .
if you could manage to go camping with us , we'd be delighted .
if you keep on drinking like that , you'll be drunk very soon .
if you want something done right , you have to do it yourself .
it costs more to mint a penny than the penny itself is worth .
it doesn't matter to us if you take a photo from the outside .
it never occurred to me that the whole thing might be a scam .
it was a very slow train . it stopped at every little station .
it was entirely by chance that i found out what he was doing .
judging from the look of the sky , it may rain this afternoon .
maybe it would be better not to talk too much about the past .
my children had eaten all the cookies by the time i got home .
my fingers are so numb with cold that i can't play the piano .
on a first date , it's best to steer clear of touchy subjects .
she has a real knack for getting people to do what she wants .
she promised to meet him last night , but she never showed up .
she tossed me grapes and i tried to catch them with my mouth .
since it was raining , we had to eat our picnic lunch indoors .
the class was too big so we split up into two smaller groups .
the doctor advised me to take up some sport to stay in shape .
the higher he rose in social rank , the more modest he became .
the man did not so much as apologize for stepping on my foot .
the next day , at suppertime , i was introduced to her husband .
the old man spent most of his time looking back on his youth .
the person reading a book on the bench under the tree is tom .
they worked each day from the time the sun rose until it set .
this ring is a magic item that gives great power to its user .
we hired a company to get rid of the insects under our house .
we'd like to give this to you as a token of our appreciation .
we'll need to amend the contract so that we can pay you more .
we've been talking about this for hours . can we just drop it ?
without your help , we wouldn't be able to carry out our plan .
you can tell what a person is like by looking at his friends .
you can't just not pay someone for work you hired them to do .
after they argued , they didn't speak to each other for a week .
all his hopes evaporated when he lost his only son in the war .
are you sure you don't want to live at home with your parents ?
between you and me , tom's idea doesn't appeal to me very much .
ever since she fell in the kitchen , she hasn't been all there .
good afternoon . you are our new neighbor , if i'm not mistaken ?
he has a reputation for taking a long time to make a decision .
he stubbed out his cigar in the ashtray and stood up to leave .
he told me that whatever might happen , he was prepared for it .
how long are you going to be seeing that loser of a boyfriend ?
i bought an english book , but the book was hard to understand .
i could feel nothing but the knife as it plunged into my back .
i don't suppose you ever really get over the death of a child .
i got up earlier than usual in order to catch the first train .
i haven't decided yet whether i'll go to college or get a job .
i think it's time for me to buy my daughter a decent computer .
i think we need to be very careful not to hurt tom's feelings .
i think you need to spend a little more time on your homework .
i thought it might be better to tell you now instead of later .
i thought it might be nice for us to spend some time together .
i would rather go to the art museum than to the movie theater .
i'd like to help , but i've got an important meeting to attend .
i'd like to study in china to improve the level of my chinese .
if by some chance it rains , the garden party won't take place .
if he keeps threatening you , then you should go to the police .
if it hadn't been for the seatbelt , i wouldn't be alive today .
if two people have the same opinion , one of them is redundant .
it is becoming important for us to know how to use a computer .
it was rather difficult for me to make out what he was saying .
last night my daughter didn ’ t come home until half past one .
mary is still as beautiful as she was when she was a teenager .
my car , which broke down yesterday , has not been repaired yet .
my heart skipped a beat when my wife told me she was pregnant .
my mother has a driver's license , but she doesn't drive a car .
nara is an old city worth visiting at least once in your life .
no one in their right mind would walk in those woods at night .
she did not succeed , but after all that was her first attempt .
she says she's not dating anyone now , but i don't believe her .
she skimmed through the register to see if her name was in it .
she was advised by him to go abroad while she was still young .
she's only going to tell you what she thinks you want to hear .
since he doesn't feel well today , he can't come to the office .
six of us are going on an excursion to the beach this weekend .
someone broke into my house and ran away with all of my money .
that dog tries to eat just about anything he lays his eyes on .
the baby sleeping in the baby carriage is as cute as an angel .
the noise was so loud that it was a nuisance to the neighbors .
the problem is that our car will not be available on that day .
the secret of life is hanging around until you get used to it .
they knocked on the door and said they had come to arrest him .
this is the most comfortable chair i've sat on in a long time .
tom didn't know who mary wanted to give the bottle of wine to .
tom doesn't know who mary wants to give the bottle of wine to .
tom had no other choice but to help mary clean out the garage .
tom put the plate of sandwiches on the table in front of mary .
tom was afraid that they'd lock him up and throw away the key .
tom wondered whether it would be hard to find a job in boston .
we are sorry to say that we can not give you that information .
we were living in osaka for ten years before we came to tokyo .
we'll go to any length to send our child to a good university .
what is at issue in this debate is the survival of our planet .
what kind of music did you listen to when you were a teenager ?
what makes you so sure tom was the one who stole your bicycle ?
when mary reached the bus stop , the last bus had already left .
you're the only person i know besides me who likes to do that .
a helicopter is able to take off and land straight up and down .
although we don't have much money , i want to buy this painting .
as soon as she heard the bell ring , she answered the telephone .
compared to last summer , we haven't had so much rain this year .
don't even think of asking me what i think about you right now .
for the time being , my sister is an assistant in a supermarket .
gradually the true meaning of what he said began to dawn on me .
he was about to apologize when the man punched him in the face .
how long has it been since you gave up teaching at that school ?
i drank some of the milk and kept the rest in the refrigerator .
i had broken my glasses , so that i couldn't see the blackboard .
i just found out that my boyfriend has been stepping out on me .
i just want to let you know that i'll be late tomorrow morning .
i thought about all the times we used to play together as kids .
i'm a professor , or rather an associate professor , to be exact .
i've been studying chinese for a long time , but i'm not fluent .
i've been trying to put a little money in the bank every month .
if you add one hundred to one thousand , you get eleven hundred .
if you have pain in your chest , consult your doctor right away .
in the beginning , man was almost the same as the other animals .
it doesn't matter to me whether or not i make money doing this .
it doesn't matter what excuse he gives me , i can't forgive him .
it is better to take your time than to hurry and make mistakes .
it is impossible for a growing child to keep still for an hour .
it never occurred to me that what i was doing might be illegal .
it rained so hard that we decided to visit him some other time .
it's dangerous to talk on the phone and drive at the same time .
ladies and gentlemen , i would like you to listen to my opinion .
making jewelry is a lot easier than it sounds like it would be .
my friend ended up taking the rap for a crime he didn't commit .
one thing i've always wanted to do is learn to fly an airplane .
people will laugh at you if you do something as stupid as that .
please don't forget to turn off the light before you go to bed .
she doesn't talk much , but once she does speak she is eloquent .
since this is important , i'd like you to attend to it yourself .
six people applied for the job , but none of them were employed .
the gdp of china still pales in comparison with that of the us .
the boy opened the window , although his mother told him not to .
the heat is on the administration to come up with a new policy .
the police found a dead body in an abandoned car near the park .
the size of a man's laundry bill is no criterion of his income .
tom asked mary to read him the letter she had gotten from john .
tom didn't know who mary had decided to give her old guitar to .
tom lay awake for a long time thinking about what he should do .
tom woke the children up and told them to get ready for school .
water is leaking into my goggles . i don't think they fit right .
we were unable to make contact with them until it was too late .
when you think about it that doesn't make a whole lot of sense .
why does it take them so long to set up my internet connection ?
you had better go to the dentist to have that tooth pulled out .
a book not worth reading is not worth buying in the first place .
a spell of fine weather enabled us to get the harvest in safely .
by the year 2020 , the population of this city will have doubled .
do you have any idea how many people died when the titanic sunk ?
don't forget that good jobs are very hard to come by these days .
even a clock that is stopped shows the correct time twice a day .
even if it takes you three years , you must accomplish your goal .
everybody is supposed to know the law , but few people really do .
he kept badgering her until she told him what he wanted to know .
he left home early in the morning so he wouldn't miss the train .
he stood close to her and tried to protect her from the typhoon .
i can still remember the time when we went on a picnic together .
i don't think i can get you to understand how difficult that is .
i doubt it'll be very hard for you to get your driver's license .
i give you everything you ask for , but you never seem satisfied .
i have every reason to believe that he is innocent of the crime .
i just want to make sure that his offer has no strings attached .
i think it's unlikely that i'll be able to pass my driving test .
i thought tom would need help getting in and out of the bathtub .
i'm hoping that i can write two or three songs over the weekend .
i'm sorry to be so late . the meeting completely slipped my mind .
if you can digest them , raw vegetables are good for your health .
if you had been a little more patient , you could have succeeded .
if you look around , you'll see many people doing the same thing .
in spite of our encouragement , he decided to throw in the towel .
it will take me more than three hours to look over the document .
just stick around a few days and you'll come to love this place .
one thing i've always wanted to do is go camping with my family .
people can turn to the law if they want to correct an injustice .
she sent me a postcard that said she hates the smell of animals .
the car had two broad stripes painted on the hood and the trunk .
the classroom is full of teenagers . a couple of them are asleep .
the detective i hired called to tell me he has a promising lead .
the food in my country is not very different from that of spain .
the nurse tied a rubber tube around my arm before he drew blood .
the reason for your failure is that you did not try hard enough .
the value of the coins depended on the weight of the metal used .
this is by far the best novel that has been published this year .
this new application claims to be user friendly . well , it isn't .
tom always stays at school as late as the teachers allow him to .
tom didn't have the courage to admit that he had made a mistake .
tom didn't have time to watch the tv program he wanted to watch .
tom doesn't know who mary has decided to give her old guitar to .
tom hopes to inherit a lot of money when his mother passes away .
tom lay awake for a long time wondering about what he should do .
tom thinks mary is in boston , but she's actually in chicago now .
we should just enjoy this and not worry about how much it costs .
what if you were able to buy the house you've always dreamed of ?
when you hear hoofbeats behind you , don't expect to see a zebra .
while i was waiting for the bus , i witnessed a traffic accident .
you might as well throw your money away as spend it on gambling .
you need to have exact change to pay the toll of the expressway .
a person who won't read has no advantage over one who can't read .
a teacher should never make fun of a student who makes a mistake .
could you just please answer the question ? we don't have all day .
does she come from the agency that sent the last temporary i had ?
don't kid yourself . you couldn't afford to buy a house like this .
even though the accident was six months ago , my neck still hurts .
father went to a lot of trouble to prepare dinner for our guests .
he was groomed from a young age to take over the family business .
he was unable to completely give up on his hopes of marrying her .
he who is not satisfied with a little , is satisfied with nothing .
he worked day and night so that his family could live in comfort .
i can pick out only two or three constellations in the night sky .
i don't believe a word of what people have been saying about her .
i don't know how you can tolerate doing this over and over again .
i have better things to do than stand here and take your insults .
i need someone to hold me and tell me everything will be alright .
i ran across his telephone number in an old address book of mine .
i really wish i didn't have to go to that meeting this afternoon .
i spent a great deal of time dealing with that problem last week .
i think i've figured out where we need to install the fire alarm .
i think that actress is one of the most beautiful women on earth .
i think the police should enforce the laws that are on the books .
i wanted to help tom understand what mary was trying to tell him .
i was able to catch the last train because i walked very quickly .
i'd suggest that you clean up a bit before your mother gets here .
i'm sorry for not being more supportive when you needed me to be .
if any harm comes to her , i will hold you personally responsible .
it is the job that is never started that takes longest to finish .
it is useless to try to remember all the words in the dictionary .
it's more interesting to travel alone than to go on a group tour .
it's too late to shut the stable door after the horse has bolted .
maybe my grandchild will be the first person to set foot on mars .
maybe you don't know this , but nobody could ever take your place .
my heart is pounding so hard it feels like it's going to explode .
she didn't attend the meeting for fear of meeting her ex - husband .
some people say that it is human nature to root for the underdog .
sometimes i wonder whether or not there's a point to all of this .
sorry to bother you , but i'm afraid something urgent has come up .
the amount of time you spend practicing the trumpet is up to you .
the juggler wowed the crowd by keeping ten oranges up in the air .
the meeting started with some general chit - chat to break the ice .
the police followed up all their leads , but came up empty handed .
the strange object in the sky could be seen with the unaided eye .
there are some people who sleep in the daytime and work at night .
things change from time to time , and one should change with them .
this will be a good souvenir of my trip around the united states .
tom eats lunch at the school cafeteria two or three times a week .
tom showed me the poems that he'd written when he was a teenager .
what we know of health we have learned from the study of disease .
what'll you do if you can't find enough food to feed your family ?
you always said you wanted to become a scientist . why didn't you ?
you can do anything you want , depending on what floats your boat .
you might as well read a novel instead of staring at the ceiling .
a fund was set up with a view to preserving our endangered planet .
after a few minutes , i began to lose interest in the conversation .
after the summer holidays , the children have to go back to school .
doing something only half - heartedly is the worst thing you can do .
i can't believe you're eating what the doctor told you not to eat .
i can't tell you how much i've been looking forward to your visit .
i consider spaghetti to be one of the greatest foods in the world .
i drank a lot and can't remember much of what happened last night .
i have been on friendly terms with him for more than twenty years .
i know that it is highly unlikely that we'll see any whales today .
i think it's highly unlikely that tom will take mary to the party .
i told you before that i'm not interested in hanging out with you .
i would have told you before , but i didn't think you'd understand .
i've just renewed my passport , so it's good for another ten years .
if you would talk less and listen more , you might learn something .
it is just like her to think of others before thinking of herself .
it seems that the only time he isn't eating is when he's sleeping .
my job search is really going rough . i don't have any connections .
no matter how hard i tried , i couldn't remember that song's title .
papa made sure all the lights were turned off before going to bed .
recently , many people are finding it hard to make a decent living .
she blames me for the fact that our married life isn't going well .
that country has a trade surplus . it exports more than it imports .
the campers were hard up for water because their well had run dry .
the company presented him with a gold watch on the day he retired .
the plane was delayed for two hours on account of the bad weather .
the recent shortage of coffee has given rise to a lot of problems .
the worst thing you can do is to only do something half seriously .
there's a rumor in the air that the firm is going into bankruptcy .
they aren't the kind of people you should want to be friends with .
to tell the truth , i drove my father's car without his permission .
tom was wearing a bulletproof vest , so the bullet didn't kill him .
tom was wondering how he was supposed to get around without a car .
what kind of sports we play depends on the weather and the season .
whenever you're in trouble or feeling down , i'll be there for you .
which is the capital of the united states , washington or new york ?
you can not appreciate the poem until you have read it many times .
you can't just leave your car parked in front of the fire hydrant .
you must have been surprised to find me alone with her last night .
you must have been surprised to meet your teacher in such a place .
you'll get plenty of chances to meet girls when you go to college .
a conservative tie is preferable to a loud one for a job interview .
a good password should be difficult to guess , but easy to remember .
being written in great haste , this letter has quite a few mistakes .
do we have any french homework that needs to be turned in tomorrow ?
he never believes in paying any more for a thing than is necessary .
he's not in the least interested in what is happening in the world .
i assume we're doing a pretty good job since no one has complained .
i never for a moment imagined that my blog would become so popular .
i thought you might like to know where we'll be going next weekend .
i would like to know how these substances are absorbed by the body .
if he should arrive late , you may start the conference without him .
it's been a long time since i've seen any dragonflies in this area .
it's the sort of work that calls for a high level of concentration .
make a decision and make it with the confidence that you are right .
mary wanted me to look the other way while she was getting dressed .
no sinner is ever saved after the first twenty minutes of a sermon .
one hot summer afternoon , john and dan were cutting the long grass .
one thing you should know about me is that i'm a little overweight .
our local tv station does a pretty good job of covering local news .
please don't forget to put a stamp on the letter before mailing it .
she'd just begun to read the book when someone knocked on the door .
since i've never eaten here before , i don't know what to recommend .
since my mother was sick , i couldn't leave the house last saturday .
some people think eating at home is better for you than eating out .
swallowing and throat - clearing can be a sign that someone is lying .
the amazon is the second longest river in the world after the nile .
the day will soon come when we will be able to predict earthquakes .
the more i thought about the problem , the more difficult it seemed .
the only thing that really matters is whether or not you are happy .
the value of a good education cannot be measured in terms of money .
there had never been any ill - feeling between them until that night .
there is a possibility that we won't have to shut down the factory .
tom usually has a glass of wine before dinner to whet his appetite .
when you wake up tomorrow morning , you will find a wonderful thing .
which reminds me , it's been more than 30 years since that incident .
you can always tell what any individual wants most by what he does .
you can't just keep throwing your money away on this kind of thing .
after what happened , i would've thought tom would go back to boston .
how to meet future energy demand is a big question we must consider .
i had forgotten all about today's meeting . i'm glad you reminded me .
i suddenly saw myself reflected in a window pane and it startled me .
i thought it was unnecessary for us to do anything about that today .
i thought it would be an opportunity for you to improve your french .
i was just wondering how you guys ever got talking about this topic .
if i remember correctly , that's the song tom sang at mary's wedding .
instead of fixing the problem , the company fired the whistle - blower .
it is almost impossible to learn a foreign language in a short time .
more than 70 percent of the inhabitants are in favor of the program .
my father works hard because he wants to give us everything we need .
she decided to marry him even though her parents didn't want her to .
the first time i held my girlfriend's hand was in the haunted house .
the last time we ate dinner together , you would only eat vegetables .
the neighbors will call the police if you don't turn the music down .
the only difference between a bad cook and a poisoner is the intent .
there is an urgent need for people to help clean up the environment .
there were many things that needed to be done before we could leave .
to the best of my knowledge , this is the only translation available .
tom didn't think mary would enjoy his party so he didn't invite her .
we're going to keep doing this until someone tells us that we can't .
when you love someone , you'll do anything to make that person happy .
who's the gorgeous girl i saw wandering around in the mall with you ?
as you requested , i have attached a recent passport - sized photograph .
could you please tell me again when the meeting is supposed to start ?
he walked back and forth on the platform while waiting for the train .
i cannot look at this photo without being reminded of my school days .
i had no sooner closed the door than somebody started knocking on it .
i put an advertisement in the newspaper saying my house was for sale .
i remember the event as clearly as if it had happened just yesterday .
i want to take advantage of the opportunity to speak to the governor .
is there any chance that you have eaten any of the contaminated food ?
it only takes about fifteen minutes to walk to the station from here .
most americans do not object to my calling them by their first names .
nobody's going to shed any tears if that old building gets torn down .
recently , there have been signs that the economy is picking up steam .
some flowers bloom in the spring and other flowers bloom in the fall .
something in his face really reminded me of an old boyfriend of mine .
the fire was so intense that the firemen couldn't get into the house .
there is nothing worse than doing something in a half - hearted manner .
when you're eighteen years old , you're an adult in the united states .
would you mind giving me a little help with some problems i'm having ?
after her graduation from college , she went over to the united states .
after we finish digging the trench , planting the flowers will be easy .
all things taken into consideration , my father's life was a happy one .
could you explain to me why you think these rules don't apply anymore ?
everything was exciting to me when i visited spain for the first time .
excuse me for interrupting you , but would you mind opening the window ?
he wondered how many times the sun would rise before his salary would .
i don't want to spend any more time than necessary cleaning the house .
i will have finished reading this novel by the time you come tomorrow .
in woodworking , we classify wood as hardwood , softwood or exotic wood .
my mother visits the dentist's every other day to get her teeth fixed .
people were lined up around the block waiting for the theater to open .
some people think that there are way too many lawyers in this country .
the bull is stronger than the bullfighter , but he almost always loses .
the customers were made to wait outside in the rain for several hours .
the population of germany is less than half that of the united states .
there are few sounds in this world more beautiful than a baby's laugh .
there is an urgent need for the local government to help the homeless .
while i was waiting for the streetcar , i witnessed a traffic accident .
you aren't likely to find that word in a dictionary that's this small .
a few months later they return to their breeding grounds in the arctic .
apart from a couple of early setbacks , the project is progressing well .
didn't you tell me yesterday that you and your boyfriend had broken up ?
does any other country fan the flames of patriotism as much as america ?
houses built with wood burn more easily than houses built out of stone .
i always enjoy listening to classical music when i have some free time .
i don't think many people can say they are satisfied with their salary .
i'll do everything within my power to make sure your children are safe .
if there weren't so many taxis , there would be fewer traffic accidents .
in massachusetts , a man is not allowed to marry his wife's grandmother .
it was such a lovely day that everybody was feeling happy and cheerful .
many of the things pizzaro had heard about the inca treasure were true .
my significant other works at a language school and loves it very much .
she's been practicing piano for a year and can play the piano somewhat .
the police compared the fingerprints on the gun with those on the door .
the police have been searching for the stolen goods for almost a month .
there was something about that house that made her stop and look again .
this is what happens when you don't pay attention to what you're doing .
tom seemed genuinely surprised when i told him that mary had left town .
what is important in writing a composition is to make your ideas clear .
while they were away on vacation , their neighbors looked after the dog .
you're the only person i know that never complains about the food here .
are you seriously thinking about pursuing a career as a race car driver ?
going back to south africa had stirred up some painful memories for him .
human beings differ from other animals in that they can speak and laugh .
i can't remember the last time i've seen you so excited about something .
i'll keep my fingers crossed that everything will go well for you today .
personally , i don't think it makes any difference who wins the election .
preparing a room for painting is the most important step in the process .
thanks to this book , i learned some interesting facts about this insect .
the company went public and became listed on the stock exchange in 1990 .
the team played hard because the championship of the state was at stake .
tom stepped into the elevator and pushed the button for the third floor .
tom wondered when mary had bought the milk that was in the refrigerator .
try not to spend so much time complaining about things you can't change .
we drove through village after village , until we got to our destination .
what kind of person would forget to pick their children up after school ?
with the coming of spring , everything is gradually coming to life again .
you have the right to consult an attorney before speaking to the police .
at first , i had difficulty understanding people when they spoke too fast .
high fructose corn syrup is found in about everything you eat these days .
his loss of memory is a psychological problem rather than a physical one .
human beings , whether they realise it or not , continually seek happiness .
i only eat meat from animals that i have personally killed and butchered .
i was surprised because my husband actually ate some of our wedding cake .
it's in times like these that the character of a person becomes apparent .
noise is the most serious problem for those who live around the airports .
one thing you should know about me is that i'm obsessed with punctuality .
the introduction of the new tax is expected to affect the entire economy .
the outcome of the upcoming election will be the hardest ever to predict .
the plans aren't set in stone and can be changed if absolutely necessary .
the tooth fairy teaches children that they can sell body parts for money .
this kind of specialized knowledge has very little to do with daily life .
we have to consider the possibility that tom was involved in the robbery .
your argument is not any more convincing than that of my stubborn father .
a poll shows that an overwhelming majority is in favor of the legislation .
according to today's paper , there was a big earthquake in chile yesterday .
aren't you the one who's always saying we should spend more time together ?
drastic measures must be taken to prevent the further spread of the virus .
i have one thousand dollars in travelers' checks and five hundred in cash .
if you really cared about your girlfriend , you would respect her feelings .
it's unlikely that i'll have time to finish this project before next week .
please ask the secretary to stock the office supplies in the storage room .
that woman standing over there is the most beautiful woman i've ever seen .
there's danger that the levee will break . we have to evacuate immediately .
what does what happened last night have to do with what's happening today ?
when you said you'd look after spot , you knew there'd be responsibilities .
english has now become the common language of several nations in the world .
i think it's highly unlikely that i'll ever see my stolen motorcycle again .
i would prefer to only hire people to translate into their native language .
if you don't know anything about computers , you're really behind the times .
in the summer , the temperature ranges from thirty to forty degrees celsius .
it's about time somebody did something about the high cost of medical care .
overtaxed heart , kidneys and liver are inevitable results of too much food .
please remember to mail this letter on your way to school tomorrow morning .
that company hires people without regard to race , religion , or nationality .
the family moved from their native germany to chicago around the year 1830 .
children under thirteen years of age are not admitted to this swimming pool .
my stomach started growling right there in the meeting . it was embarrassing .
never choose a vocation just because it permits the wearing of good clothes .
the normans' conquest of england had a great effect on the english language .
the girl was carrying several books , not textbooks but thick hardback books .
the president called on the people to unite in fighting poverty and disease .
tires wear down because of friction between the rubber and the road surface .
when applying to american universities , your toefl score is only one factor .
a person views things differently according to whether they are rich or poor .
are you aware you're being named in a lawsuit against the federal government ?
do not sign a delivery receipt unless it accurately lists the goods received .
greater demand for high - quality coffee has helped drive coffee prices higher .
his family circumstances were such that he became a teacher out of necessity .
i've heard that you can kill werewolves by shooting them with silver bullets .
millions of people across the world are mourning the death of nelson mandela .
people look at things differently depending on whether they are rich or poor .
should you require further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
washing your hands regularly is a good way to prevent catching some diseases .
you're the only person i know besides me who really understands this problem .
cucumbers , spinach , broccoli and onions are considered non - starchy vegetables .
in my opinion , a well - designed website shouldn't require horizontal scrolling .
charles lindbergh made the first solo flight across the atlantic ocean in 1927 .
spending time with your significant other should be high on your priority list .
suppressing one's romantic feelings is not the same as having no such feelings .
those who use forks or chopsticks often think people who don't are uncivilized .
tom and mary went to a fancy restaurant to celebrate their wedding anniversary .
we found one large footprint and a couple of different size smaller footprints .
you had better read your teacher's comments on your compositions one more time .
do you think that any really smart person is inherently interested in languages ?
the bacteria that are transferred during a kiss help improve your immune system .
the boss spoke in a condescending tone when addressing the female staff members .
the buying and selling of peoples' personal information is becoming a big issue .
the changes resulting from the women's movement have affected both women and men .
there are big differences in broadband speed and quality from country to country .
tom was normally very reliable and his absence from the meeting was inexplicable .
each chapter in the textbook is followed by about a dozen comprehension questions .
manholes are round because that way they won't accidentally fall through the hole .
tom certainly gave the impression that he wasn't planning on being there tomorrow .
industrialization had a great influence on the development of the economy in japan .
it's the dynamic interaction between the characters that makes this novel so great .
sixty percent of japanese adult males drink alcoholic beverages on a regular basis .
the cost of building the new hospital was considerably higher than first estimated .
i'm reading things like famous novels which have been rewritten in simplified french .
one problem translators face is that sometimes the source document is poorly written .
our whole case hinges on whether the government's actions were constitutional or not .
some healthcare workers spend more time doing paperwork than taking care of patients .
the introduction of foreign plants and animals can cause severe damage to ecosystems .
global climatic changes may have been responsible for the extinction of the dinosaurs .
opponents say genetically engineered crops can cross - pollinate and damage other crops .
corporate borrowing from financial institutions is rising due to the low interest rate .
governments usually resort to price control when inflation has reached a certain level .
the catholic bible contains everything in the protestant bible plus several other books .
because of modern communication and transportation systems , the world is getting smaller .
" is she young ? " " yes , she is . "
" who is in the car ? " " tom is . "
" have you eaten ? " " yes , i have . "
" i am not tired . " " neither am i . "
" may i go with you ? " " of course . "
i was with tom from 8 : 30 to 2 : 30 .
" are you students ? " " yes , we are . "
i try to never eat after 8 : 00 p . m .
" are you hungry ? " " no , not really . "
" is he seriously ill ? " " i hope not . "
" will he recover soon ? " " i hope so . "
she was born at six a . m . on july 17 .
" how are you doing ? " " i'm doing okay . "
" is his story true ? " " i'm afraid not . "
" the phone is ringing . " " i'll get it . "
" how old are you ? " " sixteen years old " .
" may i use this telephone ? " " go ahead . "
i made a deposit of $ 1 , 000 at the bank .
" where's his book ? " " it's on the table . "
call 1 - 800 - 828 - 6322 for a free brochure .
my bag is too old . i must buy a new one .
" are the drinks free ? " " only for ladies . "
" thanks for your help . " " it was nothing . "
" what are you trying to hide ? " " nothing . "
" will he recover soon ? " " i'm afraid not . "
do you go by bus , by train , or by subway ?
every time i go to see him , he is in bed .
i will meet you at the station at 10 a . m .
it is true he is rich , but he is a miser .
you are , so to speak , a fish out of water .
" what are these ? " " they are your pictures . "
i had a bad cold and was in bed for a week .
if i were in your place , i would not do so .
if a brain can do it , a computer can do it .
it is up to me to tell the sad news to her .
no matter what you say , the answer is " no . "
when i grow up , i want to be just like you .
when i woke up , i found i had been tied up .
a nod is as good as a wink to a blind horse .
all in all , we had a good time at the party .
as far as i know , he has never come on time .
as far as i know , she is a very good person .
as soon as the dog saw me , it began to bark .
as you make your bed , so you must lie in it .
i don't know how you did it , but you did it .
i said to myself , " i wonder what she means . "
i'll be ok as long as i stay awake , won't i ?
if i won the lottery , i'd buy you a new car .
it is true that he is young , but he is wise .
" what were you two talking about ? " " nothing . "
" what will you have to do ? " asked her friend .
as soon as i have it , i'll forward it to you .
be sure to drop in on us if you come our way .
can i take my shirt off ? it's so hot in here .
can you get that to me by the end of the day ?
he said , " let's take a walk along the river . "
i hate to run the risk , but i have no choice .
i think it's time for me to buy my son a car .
i used to do that , but i don't do it anymore .
i want to get as far away from here as i can .
i wanted to hit him , but he ran away from me .
i will give you a call as soon as i get home .
i'm sorry for what i said . i was out of line .
if i were to go abroad , i would go to france .
if you do not have this book , you can buy it .
if you need a ride , i could come and get you .
in a few days , the baby will be able to walk .
the u . s . economy is the largest in the world .
the president is a down - to - earth kind of man .
when i try to walk , i get an awful pain here .
as soon as she opened the door , a cat ran out .
by the time he finds out , it will be too late .
excuse me , i have to get off at the next stop .
he is not fond of sports , and i am not either .
he wants to sell his old car to a man in kobe .
hurry up , and you will be in time for the bus .
i can pick you up from work if you want me to .
i don't care who pays , as long as it isn't me .
i want the money you owe me and i want it now .
i will tell him the news as soon as i see him .
i wish i had the will power to stay on a diet .
if the car is gone , he can't be at the office .
if you don't want to do it , you don't have to .
it is not too much to say that he is a genius .
it is true that he is young , but he is clever .
it's not what he said , but the way he said it .
my wife has faults . none the less , i love her .
the more i listen to her , the less i like her .
the more i think about it , the less i like it .
there was a sign saying , " keep off the grass . "
we did not help him , so he made it by himself .
we have a new puppy . he is about 12 weeks old .
you could do a lot if you put your mind to it .
you have to do it , whether you like it or not .
a man came in and sat on the stool next to her .
a man of wealth has to pay a lot of income tax .
even though i looked for it , i did not find it .
he said his father was ill , but that was a lie .
i can fall back on my savings if i lose my job .
i had a headache , and i took the day off today .
i had a problem with my car on the way to work .
i have a sore throat . do you have a cough drop ?
i have to go shopping . i'll be back in an hour .
i live near the sea so i often go to the beach .
i need you to take in the hem by about an inch .
i really wish i could go with you , but i can't .
i usually eat lunch at 11 : 30 to avoid the rush .
i was just about to go out , when the bell rang .
i wish i had known about this when i was a kid .
if i had known about it , i would have told you .
if i had taken that plane , i would be dead now .
if i were in her place , i wouldn't give up yet .
if you want my help , you'll have to ask for it .
if you're going to kill me , i want to know why .
it cost me a lot of money to build a new house .
it is time you went to bed . turn off the radio .
my sister is not a good cook , and neither am i .
my three - year - old niece kissed me on the cheek .
no matter how tired i might be , i have to work .
oh , i'm sorry . i guess i have the wrong number .
the job of a driver is not as easy as it looks .
tom is not as smart as he likes to think he is .
tom told me i was the one he wanted to talk to .
we have a lot of snow at this time of the year .
we have lost a battle , but we will win the war .
whether we like it or not , we have to go there .
you alone can do it , but you can't do it alone .
after we walked for a while , we got to the lake .
as far as i am concerned , i have nothing to say .
as soon as she got her salary , she spent it all .
as you know , we were late due to the heavy rain .
by the time you land at narita , it will be dark .
by the way , how many of you are keeping a diary ?
follow me . i'll show you how to get out of here .
for the time being , i intend to stay at a hotel .
from now on , i'll try to help you with the work .
from now on , i'm going to say what's on my mind .
he had to leave the city , so he moved to berlin .
he is a nice man , except that he talks too much .
he said he was tired , so he would go home early .
he went out of his way to find the house for me .
he works as a teacher , but actually he is a spy .
i always wear a watch so i know what time it is .
i am sure this book will be of great use to you .
i don't care if you go or not . i'm going anyway .
i gave her my word i would be back home by nine .
i go for a walk every day , except when it rains .
i had some time to think about what i had to do .
i hope he will come up with a new and good idea .
i lost the door key , so i can't enter the house .
i need you to show me what you have in your bag .
i never wrote to her , despite the urge to do so .
i want to make sure you are who you say you are .
i want you to go to your room and lock the door .
i was born on the twenty - second of june in 1974 .
i will see to it that you meet her at the party .
i'm sorry that i can't be who you want me to be .
i've changed . i'm not the same man i used to be .
if tom finds out i told you this , he'll kill me .
if it is sunny tomorrow , we will go on a picnic .
if so , then there's no problem at all , is there ?
if you have something to say , say it to my face .
in a way you are right , but i still have doubts .
it took me a long time to get used to the noise .
may i use your eraser ? i seem to have lost mine .
she has to take in the waist of her pants a bit .
she seems to be in trouble . tell her what to do .
she will be glad if you go to see her in person .
since it's nice out , i'd like to go take a walk .
the last time when i saw him , he was quite well .
tom asked mary to do that , so you don't have to .
we have to find out why they want us to do this .
we must , first of all , be careful of our health .
when asked how to do it , he said he didn't know .
while you are reading to me , i can do my sewing .
would you be so kind as to open the door for me ?
you have a choice of black tea , coffee , or milk .
after you have read it , give the book back to me .
all that you have to do is to wait for his reply .
as soon as she wakes up , we'll turn on the music .
he got up early so he'd be in time for the train .
he said that if he were there , he would help her .
he went to new york as soon as he got the letter .
he would often come to see us when i was a child .
he zones out in front of the tv for hours on end .
here . take this with you . it might come in handy .
hey man , take it easy . i'm just messing with you .
hurry up , or you will be late for the last train .
i admit this may not be the best way of doing it .
i don't care what color ink , just bring me a pen .
i don't think this is a good time to talk to tom .
i feel the same way about you as you do about me .
i had a crush on you when we were in high school .
i had not seen a lion before i was ten years old .
i have just had one of the worst days of my life .
i have to write a letter . do you have some paper ?
i just want you all to know you can depend on me .
i missed my flight . can i get on the next flight ?
i think it would be a good idea to go home early .
i think it's a little too cold to go on a picnic .
i think it's time for me to give her a ride home .
i told you the truth when i told you i loved you .
i want to be certain you are who you say you are .
i want to see you in your office in half an hour .
i wish i could play the guitar as well as you do .
i wish i were rich enough to buy a car like that .
i'm sorry , but i can't find the book you lent me .
if it were not for the air , planes could not fly .
if you eat at this time of night , you'll get fat .
in his free time , he likes to be on the internet .
it is impossible for me to do the work in a week .
it seems to me that i heard a noise in the attic .
it took me more than a month to get over my cold .
it turned out not to be so easy to live with him .
look me in the eyes and tell me you didn't do it .
one of the twins is alive , but the other is dead .
tell me if you're going to give it to him or not .
tell me what you eat , i'll tell you what you are .
there is little , if any , hope of his being alive .
tom didn't know how to say " thank you " in french .
whether you like it or not , you'll have to do it .
who do you think you are to speak to me that way ?
yes , it's true , but he doesn't need to know that .
you don't get up as early as your sister , do you ?
a bird in the hand is better than two in the bush .
as a boy , he would go to the seaside every summer .
as long as we love each other , we'll be all right .
by the time we got there , it was already too late .
by the way , what happened to the money i lent you ?
can you make it so she can get on that tv program ?
do you know tom well enough to ask him to do this ?
do you know where i'll end up if i take this road ?
every time i see this photo , i think of my father .
from now on , there is no reason to worry any more .
he didn't say so , but he implied that i was lying .
he has not come yet . he may have missed the train .
he is , without question , the best man for the job .
hurry up , and you will be able to catch the train .
i am not used to being spoken to in that rude way .
i can drive to boston and back on one tank of gas .
i can't remember how to say " thank you " in german .
i don't know if we're going to be able to do that .
i got to the bus stop just after the bus had left .
i had no idea it would put you to so much trouble .
i had no other choice but to take him at his word .
i have a few things to finish up before i go home .
i have two dogs . one is white and the other black .
i just want you to think about me once in a while .
i know her by sight , but i've never spoken to her .
i made a list of things i needed to bring with me .
i pay most of my bills on the first of each month .
i really don't want to go out on a date with mary .
i really don't want to sit in the back of the bus .
i should turn in . i need my beauty sleep you know .
i still have a lot of questions i want to ask you .
i think it might rain today , but i could be wrong .
i think it's time for me to get a bit of exercise .
i think you need to find yourself a part - time job .
i want you to know that i meant every word i said .
i want you to take care of tom for a little while .
i want you to tell me what you really think of me .
i want you to treat me a little nicer from now on .
i was so afraid that no one would ask me to dance .
i wish he would make up his mind one way or other .
i'll be grateful to you if you can do that for me .
i'm getting along with my mother - in - law very well .
if i could afford it , i would buy an electric car .
if i could , i would let every caged bird fly free .
if it were not for your help , i might have failed .
if my brother were here , he would know what to do .
if she had told me the truth , i wouldn't be angry .
if you have a minute , you might want to read this .
if you have something to say , go ahead and say it .
in singapore , it is a crime to spit on the ground .
in her free time , she likes to be on the internet .
in my job i have to deal with all kinds of people .
it is true that she is pretty , but she is selfish .
just as i was about to go out , it started raining .
just tell me the truth . i promise i won't get mad .
let me think it over , and i'll let you know later .
paris , which is on the seine , is a beautiful city .
plutonium - 244 has a half - life of 80 million years .
she asked him to call her later , but he forgot to .
thanks to his advice , i have saved a lot of money .
the road up and the road down is one and the same .
this is a lot more fun than i thought it would be .
this is the man that i see every day on the train .
tom asked me if i had a black tie he could borrow .
we were reading a book and it was a very good one .
when i lived in rome , i took the subway every day .
when angry , count to four . when very angry , swear .
whether we succeed or not , we have to do our best .
you don't need to thank me . i'm here to serve you .
you must be blind as a bat if you couldn't see it .
you seem to want me to talk you out of doing that .
a magnet can pick up and hold many nails at a time .
as soon as he was left alone , he opened the letter .
as soon as we got to the lake , we started swimming .
as usual , he was the last to arrive at the theater .
by the time she gets there , it will be nearly dark .
don't let the truth get in the way of a good story .
even though he was tired , he went on with his work .
had it not been for your help , i would have failed .
he came all the way to talk over a problem with me .
he didn't answer the phone , so i sent him an email .
he doesn't work here now , but he used to work here .
he makes it a rule to write in his diary every day .
however hard you try , you can't finish it in a day .
i am sure i can get in touch with him by telephone .
i am wondering if i could be of any service to you .
i didn't feel very well , but i went to work anyway .
i don't know if i'll be able to help you on monday .
i don't really want to pay that much for a new car .
i don't think i have what it takes to be a teacher .
i don't think this is the best time to talk to tom .
i got up on the wrong side of the bed this morning .
i had a couple of questions , but i didn't ask them .
i had things to do , so i couldn't leave right away .
i had to push my bicycle because i had a flat tire .
i just know that i don't want to be married to you .
i know that plenty of guys want to go out with you .
i never realized how hard it must be to be a woman .
i think you need to buy a new pair of hiking boots .
i want a boat that will take me far away from here .
i want to get there early so we can get good seats .
i want you to go to your room and pack your things .
i'd like to try out this new model before i buy it .
i'll explain to you how to use it when i come back .
i've made up my mind to learn how to play the harp .
if i create an example , will you correct it for me ?
if i tell her the truth , she will never forgive me .
if i tell him the truth , she will never forgive me .
if he had failed the exam , what would he have done ?
if he told me the truth , i would have forgiven him .
if no one has a better proposal , let's get to work .
it appears to me that you put on my hat by mistake .
it is said that he is the richest man in the world .
it is so dreadful that i don't want to think of it .
it was careless of you to leave the key in the car .
it was such a pleasant day that we went for a walk .
it was too muggy for me to get to sleep last night .
it would mean a great deal to me if you would stay .
it's bad weather , to be sure , but we've seen worse .
like all dogs , he'll chase a rabbit if he sees one .
never in my life have i heard or seen such a thing .
no matter how he tried , he could not open the door .
no matter how long it takes , i will finish the job .
no matter what you may say , i won't change my mind .
no one is so poor that he cannot afford to be neat .
she agreed with him on what to do with the old car .
she took off her old shoes and put on the new ones .
she wrote him a long letter , but he didn't read it .
that old man is , so to speak , a walking dictionary .
that , of course , does not mean that they are right .
the job looked quite simple , but it took me a week .
the root of a flower is as weak as a baby's finger .
this is the house where i lived when i was a child .
to the best of my knowledge , the rumor is not true .
we've finished the work , so we may as well go home .
whenever i try to get near her , she pushes me away .
whether rains or not , the game is going to be held .
would you like to get something to eat ? it's on me .
you can also ride on an old , restored , steam train .
you never listen . i might as well talk to the wall .
a man who wanted to see you came while you were out .
after we walked for a while , we arrived at the lake .
all of a sudden , three dogs appeared in front of us .
are you sure you want to put your life in her hands ?
as of tomorrow , this e - mail address will be invalid .
as soon as she heard the news , she burst into tears .
be quiet . if you aren't quiet , you'll be thrown out .
don't you think it odd that she was in such a hurry ?
he can't do this kind of work , and she can't either .
he is a gentleman . he cannot have said such a thing .
he is said to have been very poor when he was young .
he sent me a letter saying that he could not see me .
he was aware of my presence but he did not greet me .
how do you know that you can't do it unless you try ?
i am going to introduce you to the rest of the crew .
i am in the habit of taking a shower in the morning .
i answered your questions . now let me ask you a few .
i avoid crossing the street here if i am in a hurry .
i don't care what you say . it's not going to happen !
i don't speak french , but i can understand it a bit .
i gave him a warning , to which he paid no attention .
i have read sixty pages , while he has read only ten .
i just want to make sure we're all on the same page .
i know you probably want to be alone , so i'll leave .
i only wish i had a little more time to finish this .
i think i might join you , but i haven't decided yet .
i think it's time for me to get a new email address .
i think it's time for me to say what i really think .
i thought it would be a good concert , but it wasn't .
i waited for tom for three hours , but he never came .
i was caught in a shower on my way home from school .
i wish you were wrong , but i know that you're right .
i would just like to thank all of you for your work .
i would rather stay at home than go out in the rain .
i would really like to know why he did such a thing .
i'm going to have to ask you to put your phone away .
i'm looking for an easy - to - read manga with furigana .
i'm not saying this to hurt you , but it's the truth .
i'm very tired . i don't feel like taking a walk now .
if i eat too much chocolate , i break out in pimples .
if i were in good health , i could pursue my studies .
if you can't come , please let me know ahead of time .
if you can't stand the heat , get out of the kitchen .
if you could go back in time , what would you change ?
if you really don't want to come , you don't have to .
if you were more ambitious , you could go a long way .
in addition to a thick fog , there was a heavy swell .
it has been just a week since i arrived in new york .
it is not easy to catch a hare with your bare hands .
it takes two hours to go to school by bus and train .
it was careless of you to leave the key in your car .
it was his car , not mine , that broke down yesterday .
it's the sort of day when you'd like to stay in bed .
my uncle gave me a book yesterday . this is the book .
my uncle went to mexico in 1983 , never to come back .
no matter how long it takes , i will finish the work .
no matter how rich he may be , he is never contented .
no matter how rich you are , you can't buy true love .
now that i have enough money , i can get that camera .
one of the people you were with is a friend of mine .
please say hello to her if you see her at the party .
quite by chance , i met my old friend in the airport .
she cried and cried , but no one came to comfort her .
she wanted a piece of cake , but there was none left .
she went over the list to see if her name was there .
she wrote him a long letter , but she didn't mail it .
since i couldn't pay the rent , i asked him for help .
the aim is to be out of the country within the hour .
the ice on the lake is too thin to bear your weight .
the more i think about it , the less i understand it .
the new law is expected to cut air pollution by 60 % .
they did not know it was impossible , so they did it .
they won't allow me to do what i'm being paid to do .
this is the last message i ever plan to send to you .
tom opened the door , even though i asked him not to .
tom thought it would be a good idea to see a doctor .
we don't have as much in common as i thought we did .
we had to wait until she found a chair and sat down .
what is the good of having a car if you don't drive ?
when he was a child , he would go fishing on sundays .
when you're in a hurry , it's easy to make a mistake .
why ask me ? wouldn't it be better to do it yourself ?
you can't rely on him these days to do a proper job .
you don't have to be a genius to know who said that .
you may take this book as long as you keep it clean .
you ought not to have said a thing like that to him .
a boy snatched my purse as he rode by on his bicycle .
a putrid smell came up out of the hole in the ground .
all my friends like the same kind of music that i do .
although my car is very old , it still runs very well .
as soon as we find out anything , we will contact him .
do you feel like going for a swim in the creek later ?
do you have any idea who would do this kind of thing ?
each of them has to write a report about what he saw .
even though the weather was bad , i decided to go out .
from a literary point of view , his work is a failure .
he lived in france for some time , then went to italy .
he's not such a great writer and i think he knows it .
how do i know that you're not going to do that again ?
i always make it a point to paint things as they are .
i beg your pardon . i didn't think this was your seat .
i carried one bag , but the other one was left behind .
i didn't win , but at least i got a consolation prize .
i don't know about you , but i feel pretty good today .
i don't know what it is , but it's something very big .
i don't know who i'll miss more , you or your brother .
i got a stomach tumor and had to have it operated on .
i have been waiting for a friend of mine for an hour .
i have no idea how many people will be at the picnic .
i looked at my watch and noted that it was past five .
i love the fact that you always seem to care so much .
i now know more about tom than i really want to know .
i think it's time for me to consider going on a diet .
i think it's time for me to move into a smaller home .
i think it's time for me to walk away from this mess .
i visited the town for the first time in a long time .
i wanted to go outside and get a breath of fresh air .
i was born in tokyo on the eighth of january in 1950 .
i wish i had the will power to stop eating junk food .
i'd like to talk to you when you have some free time .
i'd like to try this on . where are the fitting rooms ?
i'm really bad with names , but i never forget a face .
i've decided to quit my job at the end of this month .
if possible , i'd like to know the name of the author .
if that guitar were not so expensive , i could buy it .
if there's anything you want to do , you should do it .
if you don't want this , i'll give it to someone else .
in a crisis , you must get in touch with your teacher .
information will be provided on a need - to - know basis .
it pays in the long run to buy goods of high quality .
it was so still that you would have heard a pin drop .
it would be better for you not to ask him for advice .
it's hard for an old man to change his way of living .
it's not going to be easy to finish this job on time .
it's still early . we should all just chill for a bit .
just looking at her , you can tell that she likes you .
meiji was beaten by keio by a score of three to five .
no matter how cold it was , he never wore an overcoat .
no sooner had she opened the door than a cat ran out .
now why would you go and do a stupid thing like that ?
once in a while , he leaves his umbrella in the train .
once upon a time , there lived a great king in greece .
one of the fellows you were with is a friend of mine .
she asked him to come into her house , but he refused .
she fell in love with him the first time she met him .
she gave me a large room while i stayed at her house .
she walked as fast as she could to catch up with him .
she walked up to him and asked him what his name was .
she was tired . however , she tried to finish the work .
such a man does not go hunting and seldom owns a gun .
tell tom he has to do everything mary asks him to do .
thank you very much for coming all the way to see me .
that was such good a book that i read it three times .
the tigers lost the game , which was a surprise to us .
the book was so gripping , i could hardly put it down .
the new computer is ten times as fast as the old one .
there are still a lot of things that have to be done .
there is no need to be frightened . he won't harm you .
there's no way i ’ m taking the rap for his mistakes .
these glasses do not fit me well . they are too large .
they like ragtime , jazz and music with a swing to it .
this morning i missed the 8 : 30 train by five minutes .
this photo is too blurry . i can't make out your face .
tom thinks he's a genius , but i don't agree with him .
we can get a beautiful view of the sea from the hill .
we can save a little time if we do what tom suggests .
we can't leave tom here . he won't survive on his own .
we tied him up so that he wouldn't be able to escape .
we tried to get him to change his mind , but couldn't .
we were caught in a shower while we were on a picnic .
we would move to a bigger house if we had more money .
we're not going to leave mary alone with tom , are we ?
what a wonderful morning ! i feel on top of the world .
what do you do when you don't have time to eat lunch ?
what's new with you ? how is your new job working out ?
whatever happens , i want you to know that i love you .
whenever i hear that song , i think of a certain girl .
who is the man sitting at the other end of the table ?
you are , hands down , the biggest idiot i've ever met .
you can't fix it in the amount of time you have left .
you can't force me to do anything i don't want to do .
you don't have to talk about it if you don't want to .
you sort of hinted that you wanted me to ask you out .
you'll have to wait at least an hour to get a ticket .
a heavy snow fell in kyoto for the first time in ages .
a new museum is being built in the center of the city .
a trust fund has been set up for each of the children .
after a couple of drinks , the guy was feeling no pain .
after my leg heals , i'll be able to move around again .
after the game , he went straight home to feed his dog .
all the songs i sang for you today were written by me .
as these trees grow tall , they rob the grass of light .
as we went around the corner , the lake came into view .
be careful not to drive on the wrong side of the road .
be sure to turn off the light when you leave the room .
because i live near the school , i come home for lunch .
between you and me , i don't like our new team captain .
do you know where to go or who to ask for information ?
even though he was sick , the boy still went to school .
every time she coughed , she felt a great deal of pain .
he banged his head against a shelf and got a big lump .
he cooked up a good excuse for not going to the party .
he had his sister help him paint the wall of his room .
he looks pale . he must have drunk too much last night .
he not only speaks french , but he speaks spanish , too .
he pleaded with his mother to let him go to the party .
how long does it take from here to your house on foot ?
how long does it take to walk to your house from here ?
how many hours does it take to go to okinawa by plane ?
i can't figure out how to post a comment to this blog .
i can't tell you any more , i've already said too much .
i don't know whether he will agree to our plan or not .
i don't want to waste my time trying to do this again .
i fed my dog what i thought was good quality dog food .
i had to work hard to keep up with the other students .
i held the conch to my ear and heard the ocean inside .
i lost track of all time during our walk in the woods .
i mistook her for her sister . they look so much alike .
i thought tom would ask mary to go with him to boston .
i took a bus so i wouldn't be late for my appointment .
i took it for granted that you would come to my party .
i tried in vain to persuade him not to smoke any more .
i tried to call you last night , but you didn't answer .
i want to emphasize the need to get this done on time .
i was caught in a shower and got drenched to the skin .
i was lucky that i was able to find a good babysitter .
i wish you would take me to a restaurant for a change .
i'd like to ask you a few questions if you don't mind .
i'd really like to know why he did that sort of thing .
i'm going to get myself some coffee . do you want some ?
i'm going to run a couple of errands . wanna tag along ?
i'm on my way to visit a friend who's in the hospital .
i'm only going to say this once , so you better listen .
i'm sorry that i haven't been able to be here for you .
if for some reason i'm late , please don't wait for me .
if he is innocent , it follows that his wife is guilty .
if he really doesn't want to go , he shouldn't have to .
if it happens to rain , the garden party won't be held .
if it were not for water , no living things could live .
if you are free tomorrow , i can show you around kyoto .
if you don't miss the train , you'll get there in time .
if you go out so lightly dressed , you'll catch a cold .
if you had a time machine , which year would you visit ?
if you need more information , we are happy to send it .
in a town with only one barber , who shaves the barber ?
is there anything you want to add to what i just said ?
it is impossible for me to finish the work in an hour .
it would have been nice if you had helped me a little .
it would've been nice if tom had told us he'd be late .
judging from what you say , he must be a great scholar .
much better to be woken by the birds than by an alarm .
my phone has a caller id that lets me screen my calls .
no one has been able to reach the top of the mountain .
our current house is too small , so we decided to move .
salmon go up the river and lay their eggs in the sand .
seen from the sky , the river looked like a huge snake .
she asked him why he was crying , but he didn't answer .
she didn't show up at the party , but nobody knows why .
she put her hands over her ears to shut out the noise .
that was the first time that a man walked on the moon .
the holy roman empire came to an end in the year 1806 .
the last thing i want to do is cause you any problems .
the last thing i want to do now is clean the bathroom .
the telephone is ringing . if you want , i'll answer it .
their contract is to run out at the end of this month .
there are no shortcuts to the top , only to the bottom .
they have had no rain in africa for more than a month .
this road will take you down to the edge of lake biwa .
to make a long story short , he married his first love .
tom admitted he didn't do what we had asked him to do .
tom found mary a job not too far from where she lives .
tom heard a noise and went outside to see what it was .
tom is taller than any of the other kids in his class .
when i saw tom yesterday , he was wearing a cowboy hat .
when you surf the web , you may be tracked by websites .
with your approval , i would like to offer him the job .
you can get rid of the cold if you take this medicine .
you can stay here as long as you don't make any noise .
you don't have to do that if you don't really want to .
you need to decide what kind of person you want to be .
you should read a book like the one he is reading now .
itunes has turned out to be a real cash cow for apple .
a white car has been tailing me for the last two miles .
according to tv news , there was a plane crash in india .
according to the bible , god made the world in six days .
according to the paper , there was a big fire in boston .
all of the children had gone to bed before it got dark .
as soon as the child saw his mother , he stopped crying .
can you think of any reason why that might be the case ?
he came to see me three days before he left for africa .
he didn't like to ask for help even if he was starving .
he kissed her goodbye and left , never to be seen again .
hey , wait a minute , are you thinking what i'm thinking ?
i can afford neither the time nor the money for a trip .
i felt so sleepy that i could hardly keep my eyes open .
i forgot to tell you who would meet you at the station .
i give you my permission to do whatever you want to do .
i had hardly checked in at the hotel when he called me .
i have looked everywhere , but i can not find my wallet .
i just want to be able to support my family and myself .
i was able to get my parents to consent to my marriage .
i was hoping i could go back to the beach next weekend .
i will not be able to open the box without breaking it .
i wish i could figure out how to embed a youtube video .
i would love to read a book on the history of laughter .
i'd like to know why my name was deleted from the list .
i'm afraid i can't help you . you must ask someone else .
i'm glad that i didn't eat the food that made you sick .
i'm sorry to bother you , but we've got a small problem .
i've made up my mind to come up with a better solution .
if he's late , it's ok to start the meeting without him .
if you are to realize your dream , you must work harder .
in japan people come of age when they are 20 years old .
in a court of fowls , the cockroach never wins his case .
in order to stay awake i may have to drink more coffee .
instead of going to europe , i decided to go to america .
it is perfectly natural for him to be proud of his son .
it was a great tragedy for them to lose their only son .
it was below zero this morning , but i cycled to school .
it was not until i reached home that i missed my purse .
it was such a wonderful movie that i saw it five times .
it's a great honor to have had the king visit our city .
it's been a week , but i'm still suffering from jet lag .
it's up to you to decide whether we'll go there or not .
just as he was going out , there was a great earthquake .
my brother is very important . at least he thinks he is .
my wife's part - time job brings in a little extra money .
no other student in the class is as brilliant as he is .
no sooner had i left the house than it started to rain .
one of her three cars is blue and the others are white .
one of my dreams is to one day see the aurora borealis .
since he was dressed in black , he looked like a priest .
since my mother was sick , i couldn't go to the concert .
step away from the car and put your hands on your head .
taking a hot bath helps me take my mind off my worries .
the crane , unlike the dog , has never dreamed of flying .
the rain made it impossible for us to go on the picnic .
the room in which the exam was being held was very hot .
the train is traveling at the rate of 50 miles an hour .
the train was derailed by a piece of iron on the track .
there is a little wine left in the bottom of the glass .
there was nothing but sand as far as the eye could see .
this work is simple enough that even a child can do it .
tom and mary sat on the beach and talked to each other .
tom asked mary to wait for him in front of the library .
tom cut the cake with the new knife mary had given him .
tom didn't get a chance to thank mary for all her help .
tom didn't get paid as much as he thought he was worth .
tom doesn't have what it takes to be a race car driver .
tom doesn't wash the dishes . he leaves that up to mary .
tom got to the station too late so he missed the train .
tom poured mary a cup of coffee and topped off his own .
tom was afraid that no one would show up for the party .
we started with 20 students . now we have more than 200 .
we were all ears when he started to tell us his secret .
what would you do if you saw a man from another planet ?
when i heard that song , it reminded me of my childhood .
when he got to the station , the train had already left .
when she saw that they had no schools , she started one .
whether we win or lose , i won't have any hard feelings .
while he was lost in thought , he heard his name called .
who was the first person to break the four - minute mile ?
you had better read a lot of books while you are young .
you have to take off your shoes before you can come in .
you may eat anything as long as you don't eat too much .
you will not be able to go through the book so quickly .
you'll save yourself a lot of time if you take the car .
a chance like this only comes along once in a blue moon .
a rush - hour traffic jam delayed my arrival by two hours .
america likes to claim that it is a " classless " society .
before going to france , my son is going to study french .
could you give me the name and phone number of a doctor ?
do you know of an apartment i can rent that allows pets ?
every day they killed a llama to make the sun god happy .
first of all , you should talk it over with your parents .
have you been crying all night ? your eyes are all puffy .
have you made up your mind where to go for the holidays ?
have you seen our museums ? what do you think about them ?
he could swim across the river when he was in his teens .
he had been there for ten years before he came to kyoto .
he has not come yet . something may have happened to him .
he has worked out a quicker way to get the job finished .
he's got what it takes to make it in the business world .
here's a list of people i want to invite to our wedding .
how long does it take from here to tokyo station by car ?
i asked tom to go to the supermarket and buy some bread .
i asked her to slowly read off the numbers on the meter .
i can't figure out how to transfer mp3 files to my ipod .
i don't know who they are , but they don't look friendly .
i don't think it would work as well as you might expect .
i hear the grass is green even in the winter in england .
i heard that a woman stabbed a man for eating her lunch .
i keep saying that i'm innocent , but no one will listen .
i like to take things apart to see what makes them tick .
i never thought it'd be this hard to create an ipad app .
i read a couple of more chapters before i went to sleep .
i sat at the front in order to hear the lecture clearly .
i shouldn't have to go to the dentist again for a while .
i think it's time for me to discuss the matter with him .
i told you not to talk about the matter in her presence .
i tried to talk a friend of mine out of getting married .
i want to live in a world where people love one another .
i was curious to know why people had been staring at me .
i was just wondering what kind of pets you have at home .
i would rather throw the money away than give it to him .
i'm going to go to the kitchen to grab something to eat .
i've never used a hacksaw before . could you show me how ?
if anything should ever happen to me , you can look here .
if he had studied harder , he would have passed the exam .
if it wasn't for modern medicine , i'd be dead right now .
if you don't want to miss the train , you'd better hurry .
if you know the answer to this question , please tell me .
if you know what's good for you , you'll quit doing that .
in christianity , jesus is believed to be the son of god .
in two years , the company has more than doubled in size .
it is good for your health to take a walk every morning .
it makes no difference to me whether she is rich or not .
it took me a long time to get over my last relationship .
it would be fun to see how things change over the years .
it's a good thing to read good books when you are young .
it's a nice country to visit , but i wouldn't live there .
looking at his face , you could tell that he was annoyed .
my parents have gone to the airport to see my uncle off .
please fill out this form and wait for us to notify you .
please send me a reply as soon as you receive this mail .
seen from a distance , the stone looks like a human face .
seen from a distance , this mountain looks like mt . fuji .
she caught me by the arm and stopped me from going home .
she saved her baby's life at the risk of losing her own .
she thought of a good way to make money on the internet .
she visited the school , despite a pain in her right arm .
some people do not like to wake up early in the morning .
that offer sounds too good to be true . what's the catch ?
the best thing would be for you to do the work yourself .
the colors of the american flag are red , white and blue .
the girl said that she had never heard of such a person .
the girl wanted to tell him the truth , but she couldn't .
the mafia boss was killed in a hail of machine gun fire .
the more you explain it , the more i don't understand it .
the old lady lived in a three - room apartment by herself .
the public bought it hook , line and sinker , didn't they ?
the shop on the corner sells fruit at a very good price .
the whale is a very large mammal which lives in the sea .
there was lavender in bloom as far as the eye could see .
they lost no time in getting the sick man to a hospital .
they say that eating more slowly is one way to eat less .
they will have a good laugh when they see you like this .
they'd find a way to do whatever they want to do anyway .
this piece of music is way too difficult for me to play .
tom asked mary if she was really happy with her new job .
tom didn't expect to sell his old car for so much money .
tom doesn't know who mary is going to go to boston with .
tom is in his room , writing a letter to his grandmother .
tom is trying to earn enough money to buy a new trumpet .
tom looked at the menu and decided to order a fish dish .
tom only had a few visitors when he was in the hospital .
tom was pacing in his room , unable to calm himself down .
tom was the one who taught me how to sing country music .
tom won't admit it , but he's secretly in love with mary .
we all know that eating a balanced diet is good for you .
we had lived there for ten years when the war broke out .
we must look at the problem from a global point of view .
we were held up for two hours on account of an accident .
we've been out of touch with each other for a long time .
what makes you think i'm going to go to boston with tom ?
when i'm hot , a glass of cool water really refreshes me .
would you be willing to send me a sample free of charge ?
would you mail this letter for me on your way to school ?
you are old enough to know better than to act like that .
you can adjust the color on the tv by turning this knob .
you can go out on condition that you come home by seven .
you didn't need to hurry . you got here too early anyway .
you don't know what it's like to not have enough to eat .
you had better ask him in advance how much it will cost .
you have no idea how tired i am of all this complaining .
you will be paid according to the amount of work you do .
a girl came running , with her hair streaming in the wind .
a good sense of humor will help you deal with hard times .
a man who never makes mistakes is a man who does nothing .
a person with a bmi of 25 to 29 is considered overweight .
about how much will i have to pay for all the treatments ?
as far as i know , this is the only translation available .
at the station , i had the hardest time finding my ticket .
could you please take care of my dog while i'm in boston ?
did you hear that what's - his - face crashed his motorcycle ?
do you have any idea where tom might have put his camera ?
don't make me angry . you wouldn't like me when i'm angry .
from time to time , i want to relax and forget everything .
he can't be smart if he can screw up something like that .
he clung to the hope that he would see her again someday .
he kept on gambling , trying in vain to recoup his losses .
he likes to just sit around and play video games all day .
he never takes into account the fact that i am very busy .
he reached out for the sugar that was on the other table .
he said he would give us his decision for sure by friday .
he says he's got to get to vienna the day after tomorrow .
he scrunched down in his seat so that i wouldn't see him .
he used all his strength to crawl out of the wrecked car .
he was exiled to an island for the crime of high treason .
her book is famous not only in england but also in japan .
his book is famous not only in england but also in japan .
i applied for a job as a lifeguard at the community pool .
i don't blame you for the accident . it wasn't your fault .
i don't feel like working today , so let's go play soccer .
i don't have time to say this twice , so listen carefully .
i dozed off in the train and slept right past my station .
i got up early the next morning to catch the first train .
i had trouble finding my way back to my hotel last night .
i hope you won't tell anyone you saw me leave this house .
i know you're just trying to help , and i appreciate that .
i needed your help on something , but i couldn't find you .
i opened the door and saw two boys standing side by side .
i shouldn't have used the word " password " as my password .
i think it must've happened just the way tom said it did .
i think it's time for me to discuss the problem with her .
i think it's time for me to give up on this relationship .
i want to apologize to all of you for what just happened .
i was very tired , but i was nevertheless unable to sleep .
i won't go with you unless you tell me where we're going .
i would like to have a look at your collection of stamps .
i would like to know how you will proceed in this matter .
i'd like to know exactly how much money is in my account .
i'll tell you only if you promise to keep it to yourself .
i'm having trouble with my roommate . he eats all my food .
if for some reason that should happen , what would you do ?
if it should rain tomorrow , the game would be called off .
if more people had voted , we would have won the election .
if there's anything urgent , you can get in touch with me .
if you flunk this exam , you'll have to repeat the course .
if you get your right ear pierced , that means you're gay .
if you had helped me , i could have accomplished the work .
if you tell too many lies , people won't ever believe you .
if your answer is correct , it follows that mine is wrong .
in order to serve you better , your call may be monitored .
in the end , we ended up eating at that shabby restaurant .
it seems like an interesting job . what do you exactly do ?
it would be better if you didn't eat before going to bed .
it'll take some time to shovel all the snow off the roof .
it's a hassle trying to decide what to wear to the party .
it's not the sort of illness that puts your life at risk .
my sister , wearing her favorite red coat , went out today .
no sooner had he met his family than he burst into tears .
now that you've decided to quit your job , you look happy .
she calls him every night and talks for at least an hour .
she grabbed him by the hand and pulled him onto the boat .
she helped him tie his tie because he didn't know how to .
she put on dark glasses to protect her eyes from the sun .
the lawyer seems to think it'll be an open and shut case .
this form looks kind of complicated . help me fill it out .
to be happy , you should spend time with someone you love .
tom asked mary to go to the supermarket to get some milk .
tom didn't even have enough money to buy a cup of coffee .
tom took off his wedding ring and threw it into the pond .
we have to attend that meeting whether we like it or not .
we wish him all the best of luck in his future endeavors .
what with the heat and the humidity , i didn't sleep well .
when she returned to her room , the diamond ring was gone .
when they got to the station , the train had already left .
whenever he comes to this place , he orders the same dish .
you don't have to say anything if you don't feel like it .
you had better turn off the light before you go to sleep .
you're going to have to do better to convince me of that .
a passing car hit a puddle and splashed water all over me .
a pub is a popular gathering place in which to drink beer .
after running up the hill , i was completely out of breath .
am i the only one who didn't understand what was going on ?
an hour has sixty minutes , and a minute has sixty seconds .
blondes earn 7 % more than women with any other hair color .
compared with the old model , this is far easier to handle .
do not be shy . your pronunciation is more or less correct .
do you really need to ask the question to know the answer ?
do you think the rainy season will set in early this year ?
don't forget to turn off the light before you go to sleep .
everything hits the mark with him and he lets you know it .
he disappeared into a dark corner at the back of the shop .
he has two daughters , both of whom are married to doctors .
he makes it a point to remember each one of our birthdays .
he owes his success both to working hard and to good luck .
how long has it been since you received a letter from him ?
how many times a week do you go shopping at a supermarket ?
i am saving money in order to buy a new personal computer .
i figure that there is no point in trying to persuade him .
i figured it wouldn't hurt to wait for a few more minutes .
i finally overcame my shyness and asked him out on a date .
i give you enough money every month to pay all your bills .
i had hoped that my mother would live until i got married .
i had to abstain from smoking while i was in the hospital .
i have so many clothes i don't know what to wear tomorrow .
i haven't eaten anything all day , but i don't feel hungry .
i know that it is highly unlikely that anyone can help me .
i looked up all the words i didn't know in the dictionary .
i needed to justify why i was earning such a large salary .
i never thought it'd be this hard to build a picnic table .
i often buy bread from the bakery next to the post office .
i think i would have heard gunshots if there had been any .
i think he's making a big mistake by turning down the job .
i think it'd be better if tom didn't tell mary about this .
i think we need to find out why tom wasn't here yesterday .
i thought it best for him to say nothing about the matter .
i trained my dog to bring me the newspaper in the morning .
i tried thinking about why it was that i didn't trust him .
i want to spend more time doing things that make me happy .
i wanted to make sure it wasn't us who caused the problem .
i was able to finish the work earlier than i had expected .
i was doing an impersonation of my boss when he showed up .
i wish you would make a list of the newly published books .
i would have written a longer letter if i'd had more time .
i'll do whatever i can to encourage tom to stay in school .
i'm all thumbs when it comes to origami , or paper folding .
i'm getting kind of hungry . let's go get something to eat .
i'm really sorry , but i seem to have misplaced your scarf .
i've already made amends to most of the people on my list .
if i had the money , i would immediately buy this computer .
if a porter carries your luggage , don't forget to tip him .
if you're going to apologize , you should do it right away .
in accepting the money , he lost the respect of the people .
in the speech , he referred to the strength of the company .
is there any place around here where i can rent a bicycle ?
it falls to you to put the finishing touches to this work .
it took me a little more time than usually to fall asleep .
it was because he was sick that he decided to return home .
it was difficult for him to hide his pride in his success .
it's not such a big problem . you're worrying way too much .
it's taking us way too much time to get this job finished .
it's very kind of you to invite me to your birthday party .
let's face it , it's impossible . we're never gonna make it .
mary has nobody to talk with , but she doesn't feel lonely .
my grandfather died in the same room in which he was born .
ninety - five percent of orphans are older than 5 years old .
novels aren't being read as much as they were in the past .
now that you are eighteen , you can get a driver's license .
patting me on the shoulder , he thanked me for helping him .
seen from an airplane , the island looks like a big spider .
she cooks for him every day , but he doesn't appreciate it .
she talks about paris as if she had been there many times .
step out of the car and place your hands behind your back .
the eiffel tower is in the same city as the louvre museum .
the faster we rub our hands together , the warmer they get .
the geyser sends up a column of hot water every two hours .
the moral of the story is that you can't trust the system .
the parking lot in the back of the school is almost empty .
there is no way of reaching the island other than by boat .
tom doesn't really like mary , even though he says he does .
tom lived in that small house for a little over ten years .
tom managed a small bar near boston for quite a long time .
tom put new pedals on the bicycle that he rides to school .
tom thinks it would be better not to visit mary right now .
tom was stuck in a traffic jam for what seemed like hours .
we came to a place where the road branched into two lanes .
we spend piles of money on the things we don't really use .
what i told you about him also holds good for his brother .
what i told you about him also holds true for his brother .
what are some foods you usually eat with a knife and fork ?
what do you spend most of your time on the computer doing ?
when spring comes , they dig up the fields and plant seeds .
when we saw what was happening there , we decided to leave .
you are the last person i would have expected to see here .
you can tell a lot about someone by the company they keep .
you got the date wrong when you were filling in the check .
you had better take an umbrella with you in case it rains .
you speak so softly that i cannot quite hear what you say .
you'd be amazed how much beer tom drinks when he goes out .
a common way to finance a budget deficit is to issue bonds .
according to my calculation , she should be in india by now .
after hearing the tragic news , he went outside to be alone .
do any of you have anything to say in connection with this ?
excuse me . can you direct me to the nearest subway station ?
had i known your telephone number , i would have called you .
he left his hometown at the age of fifteen never to return .
he looks to his uncle for advice whenever he is in trouble .
he promised me that he would be more careful in the future .
he set out to do something that had never been done before .
her father became an invalid as a result of a heart attack .
how can you make your way in life without a good education ?
how many rooms are there on the second floor of your house ?
i don't think people should make a mountain of a mole hill .
i have often heard it said that honesty is the best policy .
i should be studying english , but i'd rather watch a movie .
i slept a little during lunch break because i was so tired .
i suppose you have some ideas on how to handle this matter .
i think tom said he'd be staying in boston for three weeks .
i think it's time for me to write my mother another letter .
i think you already have enough money to buy what you need .
i think you're the woman i've been waiting for all my life .
i usually prefer to pay with credit card and not with cash .
i want that more than i've ever wanted anything in my life .
i wonder if there'll be more snow this year than last year .
i would like to have this car repaired as soon as possible .
i'd rather not eat the meat from an animal that was cloned .
i've been trying to make an effort to come here more often .
if it hadn't been for the storm , i would've arrived sooner .
if two people are in agreement , one of them is unnecessary .
if you could choose the genes for your children , would you ?
if you have any doubts , let me know without any hesitation .
if you keep breaking the club rules , you'll get thrown out .
if you tell the truth , you don't have to remember anything .
in my opinion , it would be difficult to solve this problem .
instead of going himself , he sent his brother in his place .
is it right for a doctor to decide when someone should die ?
it makes no difference to me whether you believe it or not .
it was apparent that he did not understand what i had said .
it's been a long time since i had such a pleasant surprise .
it's is so difficult that i have decided to give up trying .
it's very difficult even for a japanese to put on a kimono .
let us stop to think how much we depend upon atomic energy .
life is what happens to us while we are making other plans .
many people in africa were killed as a result of the storm .
she could always call her parents when she was in a crunch .
she folded up the towels and put them away in the cupboard .
she is a better singer than any other student in her class .
she lost her locker key while she was swimming in the pool .
she said that she would follow him no matter where he went .
she seems timid , but she's actually a strong - willed person .
should i wait for you tomorrow in front of the opera house ?
so you are really offering me a roflex watch for 5 dollars ?
some of these young people have legs twice as long as mine .
tell me the reason why you want to live in the countryside .
the coach gave his team a pep talk before the game started .
the door opened and there she was , standing in the doorway .
the man held on to his job stubbornly and would not retire .
the painting looks great , but you hung it a little crooked .
the sum of all the angles in a triangle equals 180 degrees .
the summit nations put free trade at the top of the agenda .
there are only 10 minutes left until the end of the lesson .
this chair is very comfortable , but i don't like the color .
this looks longer than that , but it is an optical illusion .
tom didn't even have the courtesy to say that he was sorry .
tom had to swallow his pride and admit that he needed help .
tom is the only one in our family who doesn't like singing .
tom said he didn't have time to answer all of my questions .
tom was a school bus driver before he became a taxi driver .
two men are trying to figure out what's wrong with the car .
we did not evolve from monkeys . we share a common ancestor .
we learned at school that the square root of nine is three .
what kind of person would spend so much money on a bicycle ?
what she lacks in charisma she makes up for with hard work .
whenever my uncle comes , he brings some nice things for us .
who is the tall guy with long dark hair playing the guitar ?
who would have thought that she could be so thin and small ?
would you please allow me to treat you to dinner next week ?
you can never be happy if you feel envious of other people .
you don't have to use a dictionary when you read this book .
you may be right , but we have a slightly different opinion .
you will be in charge of the women working in this factory .
after losing his job , he went through a very difficult time .
all the doctor's efforts were in vain and the man soon died .
because of the rain , we weren't able to play tennis outside .
do you think it's dangerous for me to swim across the river ?
don't come back until you've done what i've asked you to do .
don't forget to turn off the gas before you leave the house .
he quickly scanned the page for the word he was looking for .
i always end up looking up the same words in the dictionary .
i bought this book at the bookstore in front of the station .
i feel ashamed that i got such bad marks in the examination .
i forgot to tell you what time the meeting's going to start .
i haven't eaten at my grandmother's house since i was a kid .
i never thought i would have to support such a large family .
i never thought it'd be this easy to hack into your website .
i spent two hours watching a baseball game on tv last night .
i think it's time for me to reconsider how i've been living .
i understand the sentence , but i'm not able to translate it .
i want to apologize for all the things i said earlier today .
i was dialing his number just as he walked through the door .
i was just about to leave the house when the telephone rang .
i was thinking about going to that new place on park street .
i went with them so that i could guide them around nagasaki .
i wish i could figure out how to delete my facebook account .
i wish i had eaten at that restaurant before it burned down .
i would like my breakfast in my room at eight o'clock sharp .
i'd say we are definitely going to have a good time tonight .
i'll ask him where he is planning to go during the vacation .
i'll treat you like an adult when you start acting like one .
if you behave like a flunkey , you're treated like a flunkey .
if you can't explain it easily , you don't yet understand it .
if you get enough rest every night , you'll feel much better .
if you want something done right , you should do it yourself .
it's been almost ten years , but you're as beautiful as ever .
it's obvious that he's not used to living on a tight budget .
nobody knows what it is that has been bothering him so much .
one of the children is studying , but the others are playing .
people can choose to start loving , but can't choose to stop .
pizza is the kind of food that fits into today's life style .
please write down your name , address , and phone number here .
seeing the woman with the yellow hat reminded me of a story .
she advised him to talk about his life in the united states .
she was advised by him not to borrow money from his friends .
some babies learn to swim even before they are one year old .
stop making a fool of yourself . everyone is laughing at you .
take this folding umbrella with you . it might come in handy .
that job wasn't very interesting . however , the pay was good .
the best way to predict the future is to create it yourself .
the child sat on his mother's lap and listened to the story .
the police fished a dead body out of the river this morning .
the store was so crowded that they lost sight of each other .
the water stopped running because the hose has a kink in it .
there were 215 votes for the motion and 15 votes against it .
this is the first time i've ever written a letter in french .
this is the hottest summer that we have had in thirty years .
tom can't be over thirty . he looks like he's about eighteen .
tom kept talking and didn't let mary get a word in edgewise .
tom said he felt rested and was ready to start hiking again .
tom says he can make a decent living as a sidewalk musician .
tom told mary that she was the fattest woman he'd ever seen .
tom's lost a lot of blood , but he hasn't lost consciousness .
we take it for granted that he will succeed in his business .
we're looking for some computer - savvy people to work for us .
what does it cost to build a new house in this neighborhood ?
when you've finished reading that book , i'd like to read it .
with the bridge destroyed , there was nothing to do but swim .
years of running in marathons have taken a toll on my knees .
you promised me that you would make something for us to eat .
you should go to the dentist and have that tooth pulled out .
you should not despise a man just because he is poorly paid .
you're the only person i know who is qualified for this job .
a fat man seldom dislikes anybody very hard or for very long .
a person with common sense would never do this kind of thing .
after much debate , we decided to spend our holidays in spain .
after the christmas party was over , we all went out caroling .
apart from a few spelling mistakes , it is a good composition .
are you aware that okinawa is closer to china than to honshu ?
as the train pulled out , they waved goodbye to their parents .
before we say goodbye , there's something i'd like to ask you .
children whose parents are rich do not know how to use money .
do you spend more time with your friends or with your family ?
don't ask me for forgiveness . what's been done has been done .
don't listen to tom . he doesn't know what he's talking about .
during droughts , farmers are barely able to eke out a living .
everyone looks the same , except the one standing on his head .
he anonymously donated a large sum of money to the red cross .
how many suicides do you think there are every year in japan ?
i assure you that an error like this will never happen again .
i can't believe that you were the smartest kid in your class .
i can't tell you how much i've looked forward to this moment .
i didn't want to spend any more time working on that project .
i enjoy cooking , but i don't like the cleaning up afterwards .
i have no desire to understand what goes on inside your head .
i love how you think of other people's needs before your own .
i must apologize for not having written for such a long time .
i really do want to devote some more time to studying french .
i remember the event as vividly as if it were just yesterday .
i walk across that bridge every morning on the way to school .
i won't be pressured into doing something i don't want to do .
i'm glad to see that you're studying harder than you used to .
i've been riding so long i'm starting to smell like my horse .
if the medicine isn't working , maybe we should up the dosage .
if you feed your dog properly , you can increase his lifespan .
in november , olives are harvested from the trees to make oil .
it is generally hard to adapt to living in a foreign culture .
it never occurred to me that he might be an escaped prisoner .
it was in 1912 that the titanic sank during her first voyage .
it would never have occurred to me to say anything like that .
it'll be a long time before she gets over her father's death .
it's important for us to think about the future of the world .
it's only a fifteen minute bus ride from here to the airport .
more than a third of the world population lives near a coast .
of all the possible reasons , he chose the least expected one .
one moment , they were arguing and the next they were kissing .
parents must look after the well - being of the their children .
please call me as soon as possible when you arrive in london .
please mail this letter on your next trip to the post office .
recently , they have not been giving her her paycheck on time .
rosa parks refused to give up her seat for a white passenger .
she advised him not to spend all his money on his girlfriend .
she got into hot water when her boyfriend called her at work .
she perused a magazine while waiting for her date to show up .
she visited the old man in the hospital every day but sunday .
that's strange . i could have sworn that i'd locked this door .
the child was told to apologize for being rude to the guests .
the conference is to be held in tokyo the day after tomorrow .
the crocodile trapped the gnu as it tried to cross the river .
the dog bared its fangs and growled as i approached the gate .
the foreman docked me an hour's pay for getting to work late .
the gardener planted a rose tree in the middle of the garden .
the old church on the hill dates back to the twelfth century .
the old houses were torn down to make room for a supermarket .
the only one who enjoys a crowded subway car is a pickpocket .
the story of a great flood is very common in world mythology .
the tall guy smoking a cigar over there is a famous director .
there is no sense in your worrying about your health so much .
there were many things that we simply didn't have time to do .
they wanted to win the war quickly and return to normal life .
tom doesn't know whether mary will come by car or by bicycle .
tom doesn't think he'll be able to finish the job by himself .
tom expected to leave early in the morning , but he overslept .
tom is utterly obsessed with food . no wonder mary dumped him !
tom says he might dye his goatee red and green for christmas .
we danced to the music for hours until we were all exhausted .
we miss you and are really looking forward to you being here .
we think the reason for his success was because of hard work .
we'll always have to be careful not to let this happen again .
what's a beautiful woman like you doing in a place like this ?
when we arrived at the stadium , the game had already started .
without a passport , leaving a country is out of the question .
would you look after my children while i am away on vacation ?
you can't learn a foreign language in just a couple of weeks .
you don't have to read the whole thing from beginning to end .
your mother will repeat it to you as many times as necessary .
all you have to do is take advantage of this rare opportunity .
before we begin , a number of preliminary remarks are in order .
can we really learn to speak a foreign language like a native ?
did she ever confide in you about the problems she was having ?
don't ask questions that you don't want to know the answer to .
don't you know how dangerous it is to go swimming by yourself ?
he doesn't like to wait until the last moment to do something .
he is in danger of losing his position unless he works harder .
he wanted to see his boss in tokyo before leaving for america .
he whittled the stick to a sharp point with his hunting knife .
he will leave for the station an hour before the train leaves .
how long are you going to keep giving me the silent treatment ?
how much longer do you think it'll be until it starts raining ?
i didn't have much time so i just skimmed through the article .
i had hardly gotten into bed when the telephone began to ring .
i heard that a south american camper was eaten by an anaconda .
i know it's going to be unpleasant to talk about the accident .
i really appreciate your offer to help me clean out my garage .
i started to learn english with the aim of becoming a teacher .
i thought you might like to know who's coming over for dinner .
i'd been on my own all week and was starving for conversation .
i'd love to be able to spend less time doing household chores .
i'm looking forward to meeting you all after such a long time .
i've got a lot of friends at the department of motor vehicles .
in a democracy , it is important that the press be independent .
in the digital age , handwriting is slowly becoming a lost art .
is it the right place to sign up for foreign language courses ?
it has been raining on and off since the day before yesterday .
it's better to take your time than to hurry and make mistakes .
japan is now very different from what it was twenty years ago .
my cousin isn't the kind of person who'd ever break a promise .
my husband is an expert when it comes to cooking chinese food .
my sister has traced our family tree back to the 16th century .
no matter how sneaky you are , you can never surprise yourself .
one thing i've always wanted to do is write a children's book .
she doesn't have any friends or relatives to take care of her .
she finally mustered up the courage to ask him for more money .
she looked at a few dresses and picked the most expensive one .
she seems reserved , but she's actually a strong - willed person .
she spends a majority of her time taking care of her children .
she took me under her wing and taught me everything she knows .
since we insulated the house we've saved a lot on heating oil .
so far as this matter is concerned , i am completely satisfied .
sometimes it's hard to be tactful and honest at the same time .
the entire sales staff has worked around the clock for a week .
the most severe problem at present is that of over - population .
the young people are fed up with the politics of this country .
there are a lot of things you don't know about my personality .
there have been a lot of complaints about the way tom behaves .
there was an old clunker parked just behind my new sports car .
there's a pyramid in mexico bigger than any of those in egypt .
they were low enough in cost so many americans could buy them .
this is the first time that i've eaten in an italian pizzeria .
this part of the museum is temporarily off - limits to visitors .
tom and mary just wanted to dance with each other all evening .
tom and mary wanted to spend the rest of their lives together .
tom asked mary some questions , but she refused to answer them .
tom didn't leave a suicide note , so the police suspect murder .
tom didn't want just any car . he wanted his grandfather's car .
tom never told me why he wasn't here the day before yesterday .
tom promised me that tonight he'd sing that new song he wrote .
watch out for the sparks that are flying out of the fireplace !
we had to alter our plans because we didn't have enough money .
we should keep every school open and every teacher in his job .
we'll use the house as collateral so we can borrow some money .
what is still better is that the house has a beautiful garden .
could you please tell me again how many times you've been here ?
declarations of variables are extremely important in c and c + + .
do you have any idea when those pictures might have been taken ?
don't buy your car from that dealership . they'll rob you blind .
english is a universal language and is used all over the world .
everybody in this world has to cope with a lot of difficulties .
everyone should choose at least one poem and learn it by heart .
go straight down this street and turn right at the third light .
he decided to go to paris for the purpose of studying painting .
he'll be groggy for another few hours until the drug wears off .
his aunt's apple pie was delicious and he had a second helping .
how do you come up with such interesting plots for your novels ?
i don't recommend eating in that restaurant . the food is awful .
i found it difficult to make myself heard because of the noise .
i had been studying music in boston before i returned to japan .
i'm getting sleepy . i should've gone to bed earlier last night .
i'm going through my closet to find clothes to give to charity .
i'm trying to think of some ideas for this article i'm writing .
i've heard it said that you should never marry your first love .
if you change your hairstyle , you could look ten years younger .
if you get into difficulties , don't hesitate to ask for advice .
in the early days of american history , blacks lived in slavery .
it cost me ten thousand yen to have my television set repaired .
it makes sense to pay off your credit card balance every month .
it was determined that faulty wiring was the cause of the fire .
it's just a matter of time before someone is injured or killed .
men differ from other animals in that they can think and speak .
mixing with people at a party can be terrifying for shy people .
my grandfather goes for walks on days when the weather is good .
never ask a question if you aren't prepared to hear the answer .
nothing is more valuable than time , but nothing is less valued .
she became rich by virtue of hard work and good business sense .
stop beating around the bush and tell us what you really think .
the landlord told him to leave because he hadn't paid his rent .
the roads were very muddy since it had rained during the night .
the third quarter gnp growth was 1 % over the preceding quarter .
the tiles that fell from the roof broke into very small pieces .
they say that firefox is downloaded over 8 million times a day .
they thought it would be too expensive to build a factory here .
this firm manufactures cars at the rate of two hundred per day .
tom called mary last night and encouraged her to join the team .
tom doesn't want to give up his dream of becoming an astronaut .
tom has been eating at that restaurant since he was a teenager .
tom went to a nearby convenience store to buy something to eat .
we look forward to working more closely with you in the future .
we were wakened by the whistle of the steam locomotive at dawn .
why did you tear the cloth instead of cutting it with scissors ?
you're probably too young to understand why we have to do this .
you're the only person i know who regularly gets my name wrong .
a couple of flights were delayed on account of a minor accident .
a dog jumped onto the chair and lay motionless for five minutes .
a slight cold prevented me from going to ibusuki with my family .
after ten years as business partners , they decided to part ways .
everybody in the building headed for the exits at the same time .
finding a solution that worked was a process of trial and error .
for the moment there's nothing in particular i need to be doing .
he enjoys his sleep and doesn't like to have it interfered with .
he received a large sum of money in compensation for his injury .
i can't believe how much things have changed since we were kids .
i can't count the number of times tom has complained about that .
i find that i get the best flavor by grinding fresh peppercorns .
i give you two permission to do whatever you think is necessary .
i hope my new stepfather sticks around longer than the last one .
i think you're the most beautiful woman in the whole wide world .
i'd like to talk to you about what happened at school yesterday .
if they'd taken their doctors' advice , they might not have died .
if you've been drinking , perhaps your spouse can drive you home .
is eating a clove of garlic every day beneficial to your health ?
it is imperative that we find another way out of this situation .
it looks like the party in power will win the upcoming election .
let's grab a quick lunch at that small coffeeshop near the park .
mary looks like her mother , but she has a different personality .
our company is planning to build a new chemical plant in russia .
our train had already pulled out when we arrived at the station .
she's been living for the last five years under an assumed name .
some continue to work part time , while others do volunteer work .
the accident seemed to have something to do with the heavy snow .
the company he used to work for went into bankruptcy last month .
the police demanded that the criminal hand over the gun to them .
there's a fire in the building . we have to evacuate immediately .
they will go to the woods to pick mushrooms , weather permitting .
though the doctor did his best , the patient's recovery was slow .
tom advised mary not to believe everything she reads on the web .
tom didn't get off the airplane with the rest of the passengers .
tom doesn't like people to know that he can't speak french well .
tom has to learn japanese because he's going to japan next year .
we couldn't open the door because it was locked from the inside .
we often took a walk along the seashore together in the morning .
you can listen to audio files by native speakers on our website .
you can't blame her for not knowing what she hasn't been taught .
you should bone up on your french before your trip to marseille .
a caravan of fifty camels slowly made its way through the desert .
alice will tell you that in wonderland everything is topsy - turvy .
by signing a contract , you agree to certain terms and conditions .
can you tell me anything about what's going to happen here today ?
her composition is very good except for a few errors in spelling .
how would you reword this sentence to make it sound more natural ?
i cannot look at this picture without thinking of my dead mother .
i don't want to do anything to jeopardize my friendship with you .
i read in the newspaper recently that the crops really need rain .
i think we may have something that you'd be interested in buying .
i thought you wouldn't tell her that we hadn't done our homework .
i want a written report in my hands first thing tomorrow morning .
if only you'd thought of that before shooting your big mouth off .
if you don't keep the silverware polished , it'll lose its luster .
if you have an indoor swimming pool , you're probably pretty rich .
if you would like to have further information , please contact me .
in case the shipment is delayed , we have special delay insurance .
it was an advantage having learned chinese while i was in school .
it was fortunate for her that her husband arrived at that moment .
it's amazing that he won the championship at the age of nineteen .
living in the town is quite different from living in the country .
my father is oblivious to the emotional pain his abuse caused me .
my older sister was grounded for coming home too late last night .
one of the fan blades broke loose and shattered against the wall .
she protested weakly , but ended up joining in with everyone else .
she was superstitious , as the people of that period usually were .
the ceo is trying to quash these unfounded rumors about a merger .
the average height of the girls in class is over 155 centimeters .
the film had a great beginning , but the ending wasn't believable .
the number of people suffering from heart disease is on the rise .
the police kept looking for a stolen article for about one month .
there are not enough doctors to give proper care to the children .
this is like fighting someone with one arm tied behind your back .
tom should have been eating more vegetables and not as much meat .
tom tried to look through the keyhole , but couldn't see anything .
tom wouldn't mind eating meat and potatoes every day of the week .
we think a disgruntled employee was the one who planted the bomb .
we try to explain things across cultures ; in spite of boundaries .
when i have migraines , aspirin doesn't alleviate the pain for me .
you can adjust the seat height by moving the adjustment lever up .
you will find that book in the historical section of the library .
you've got a lot of nerve bringing me here under false pretenses .
a vigilante bypasses the law and takes matters into his own hands .
after being in a coma for three weeks , tom regained consciousness .
choose a password that is easy to remember but difficult to guess .
frankly speaking , it's difficult to understand why you want to go .
he didn't divulge the information , not even under pain of torture .
he frequently jumps from one topic to another while he is talking .
hot weather will continue , so please watch out for food poisoning .
human beings differ from animals in that they can think and speak .
i always watch the weather report before going out in the morning .
i am impressed by your recent advertisement in the new york times .
i guess it doesn't make any difference which swimming club i join .
i lay in bed thinking about everything that had happened that day .
i missed going out with her and eating at our favorite restaurant .
i never look at this picture without thinking of those happy days .
i refuse to believe that we can't do anything about the situation .
i thought you might need some help getting ready for your wedding .
i'm beginning to think that i shouldn't have enlisted in the army .
i've been trying to find out who was responsible for the accident .
it looks like the data you lost on your computer is irretrievable .
it will not make much difference whether you go today or tomorrow .
let's not forget we never could have done this without tom's help .
many health specialists say that you should eat three meals a day .
my car broke down this morning and won't be repaired until friday .
not a day goes by without our hearing of an environmental problem .
our project didn't get off the ground until he joined the company .
some of the company's executives are out of town for a conference .
the fate of the hostages depends on the result of the negotiation .
the government is not doing its best to solve the housing problem .
the mountains in the himalayas are higher than those in the andes .
the ship was searched thoroughly , but no illegal drugs were found .
there is no knowing when a severe earthquake will happen in tokyo .
this policy is sure to go a long way towards stimulating business .
to be successful , you need to look like you're already successful .
tom couldn't help but notice all the beautiful women on the beach .
tom entered the restaurant where he eats about three times a week .
we've had a lot of complaints about how you treat your classmates .
what does it feel like to always have people following you around ?
what we ended up learning was that the meat had been contaminated .
you should choose a job in relation to your talents and interests .
you should spend what little time you have left with your friends .
you're the only person i know besides me who likes medieval music .
everyone is anxious to know what has become of the former champion .
he always left the problem of his children's education to his wife .
he devoted the last years of his life to writing his autobiography .
he is apt to say atrocious things and to exaggerate his grievances .
her derogatory remarks towards her boss caused her to lose her job .
i can't imagine why anyone would want to steal something like that .
i hope that neither of them were involved in that traffic accident .
i love looking at everyone's colorful kimonos on coming of age day .
i think it's time for me to accept responsibility for that problem .
i was very disconcerted to find that everyone else already knew it .
it is important that you attach your photo to the application form .
kyoto gets thousands of visitors from all over the world each year .
my physician advised me to refrain from alcohol for the time being .
nothing gave her greater pleasure than to watch her son growing up .
she always says nice things about him , especially when he's around .
she was unable to completely give up her dream of traveling abroad .
sometimes the hardest thing and the right thing are the same thing .
the potato is native to the highlands of central and south america .
the reporters demanded to know why the mayor wouldn't talk to them .
they want to increase food production by growing new kinds of rice .
to prevent the disease from spreading quickly was not an easy task .
we asked him on the interphone if he could come downstairs quickly .
whether the problem is important or unimportant , you must solve it .
you must not be afraid of making mistakes when learning a language .
he is without doubt the most successful movie director in the world .
i just wanted some advice from someone who's already been to boston .
i stumbled across this problem when i was working on something else .
it is important to understand that each country has its own culture .
refer to the instruction manual if you need to fix the refrigerator .
surround yourself only with people who are going to lift you higher .
you're the only person i know who can probably answer this question .
after english , german is the most popular foreign language in russia .
everybody talks about the weather , but nobody does anything about it .
foreign direct investments in china amounted to $ 3 billion last year .
i played an interesting game of chess against the computer last week .
in all probability , no language is completely free of borrowed words .
it's just possible that he'll eventually recover the use of his legs .
many people who hear tom speaking french think he's a native speaker .
morality is mostly a matter of how much temptation you can withstand .
some were under the impression that the judges had not chosen wisely .
the president is usually accompanied by his wife when he goes abroad .
the buildings are small in comparison to the skyscrapers in new york .
the company gave him a gold watch in acknowledgement of his services .
the constant border wars between england and scotland came to an end .
the drunken men made derogatory remarks toward the women in the club .
the stock market crash forced many retirees back into the job market .
this nation's economy is growing by leaps and bounds in recent years .
tom is fishing for trout about a hundred meters downstream from here .
we have to consider the problem in the light of cultural differences .
what do you think you're doing letting the loyalists into the castle ?
he had heard wonderful stories about cities of gold with silver trees .
how much time did you spend doing research before you started writing ?
one king after another succeeded to the throne during those few years .
sometimes i have the impression that we'll never come to an agreement .
they say amniotic fluid has roughly the same composition as sea water .
you should ask a physician for his advice before taking this medicine .
you're probably too young to understand what is likely to happen next .
computers are capable of doing very complicated work in a split second .
having been convicted of murder , he was sentenced to life imprisonment .
i think it's time for me to start taking my responsibilities seriously .
movie theaters are losing more and more revenue due to internet piracy .
the united states has almost a fourth of the world's prison population .
the buildings are small in comparison with the skyscrapers in new york .
there is a rumor that the radicals are plotting against the government .
tom didn't have enough experience in dealing with that kind of problem .
you often need to spend more time doing something than you anticipated .
a flight attendant was rescued from the wreckage of the passenger plane .
a mortgage rate of six percent is becoming the current industry average .
everything on top of the table started rattling when the earthquake hit .
i think that it's completely understandable if she turns down his offer .
management hid the true financial state of the company from the workers .
teenagers are often embarrassed to be seen in public with their parents .
the wright brothers succeeded in flying an airplane driven by an engine .
the ship's captain ordered the radio operator to send a distress signal .
the surgeon who operated on tom is very experienced and highly regarded .
tom certainly gives the impression that he doesn't know what he's doing .
all the students of the university have access to the university library .
i think you'll have very little difficulty in getting a driver's license .
life's experiences make vivid records on the sensitive plate of his mind .
never choose a vocation just because it is popular or sounds interesting .
the mormons have outlawed polygamy , but some adherents still practice it .
the disagreement between the union and management could lead to a strike .
the mayor thought that he should investigate the decline in tax revenues .
a parallelogram is a quadrilateral formed from two sets of parallel lines .
i don't think i've ever eaten anything that you would consider disgusting .
the bridge couldn't sustain the force of the strong current and collapsed .
the contents of the four registers are preserved by the called subroutine .
there's been a significant development in the case of the missing toddler .
whether shakespeare wrote this poem or not will probably remain a mystery .
at the time , our country was confronted with serious economic difficulties .
i was very surprised to see students cleaning their classroom after school .
many great thinkers who were unknown while alive became famous after death .
quite a few people have been invited to celebrate the couple's anniversary .
taking everything into consideration , the result is better than i expected .
we shouldn't confuse solitude with isolation . they are two separate things .
he just naturally avoids everything that is intense , difficult or strenuous .
since the industrial revolution , the world population has more than tripled .
some children resort to suicide in order to escape from unbearable pressure .
the royal shakespeare company is presenting the merchant of venice next week .
the heat turns off automatically when the room reaches a certain temperature .
three out of four americans believe in the existence of paranormal phenomena .
he argues that the administration must look for alternative sources of revenue .
publication of the article was timed to coincide with the professor's birthday .
without a moment's hesitation , they took drastic action against the conspiracy .
people with rheumatoid arthritis symptoms should be careful about what they eat .
the citizens of this small community don't condone public displays of affection .
you should spend less time complaining and more time doing something productive .
diplomatic relations have not yet been established between japan and north korea .
the search for alien life is one of humankind's greatest technological challenges .
kissing one's spouse in public is considered acceptable behavior in some countries .
make your airplane reservations early since flights fill up quickly around christmas .
american politics are interesting to watch , especially during a presidential election .
an anonymous benefactor bequeathed several hundred thousand dollars to an animal shelter .
" may i join you ? " " why not ? "
" she likes music . " " so do i . "
" will it rain ? " " i hope not . "
" i like traveling . " " so do i . "
the loss adds up to $ 1 , 000 , 000 .
" how's it going ? " " not too bad . "
" who is it ? " " it's your mother . "
he always gets home at 6 : 00 p . m .
the plane takes off at 8 : 00 a . m .
" can somebody help me ? " " i will . "
" how old are you ? " " i'm sixteen . "
" may i call you tonight ? " " sure . "
he said , " i want to be a doctor . "
i was expecting you at 11 : 00 a . m .
" anything else ? " " no , that's all . "
he said to himself , " i will do it . "
i am not rich , nor do i wish to be .
the train departs here at 9 : 00 a . m .
" where's your book ? " " on the table . "
he said , " i want to be a scientist . "
i thought you had to get up by 7 : 30 .
i want to have a part - time job , too .
i'm in debt to my uncle for $ 10 , 000 .
the band starts playing at 8 : 00 p . m .
when i grow up , i want to be a king .
" i'll be back in a minute , " he added .
as far as i know , she is a kind girl .
as soon as i got home , i went to bed .
i plan to get a job as soon as i can .
if i were a bird , i could fly to you .
if i were a bird , i would fly to you .
on a clear day , you can see mt . fuji .
tom is tall , but not as tall as i am .
you wanted me to get a job , so i did .
a bat is no more a bird than a rat is .
as far as i know , he is an honest man .
i have a coat , but i don't have a hat .
that was , as it were , part of the job .
" i want that book , " he said to himself .
as far as i know , he is a reliable man .
he is not as well off as he used to be .
i don't care how you do it . just do it .
i said to myself , " that's a good idea . "
as far as i know , there is no such word .
didn't i give you 10 , 000 yen a week ago ?
every time i go to his house , he is out .
he doesn't want me to go , but i mean to .
he's got a boy - next - door look about him .
i have to go and have an x - ray tomorrow .
i have to lose weight , so i'm on a diet .
i need a pencil . can i use one of yours ?
i want to find a way for us to be happy .
i want to see you two in my office . now .
i want you to put in a good word for me .
i would like to chat with you by e - mail .
i'm tired of working a nine - to - five job .
if i had my way , you would all be fired .
if you want me to , i'll do that for you .
it was a fine day so i went on a picnic .
the new model will be priced at $ 12 , 000 .
well , if you didn't do it , then who did ?
what do you have to add to 17 to get 60 ?
as soon as i left home , it began to rain .
can you iron this t - shirt for me , please ?
dad ! mom ! i have some great news for you !
daddy , let's see if you can out - stare me .
i am going to my room , where i can study .
i can't do it alone . you have to help me .
i want a cup of coffee and i want it now .
i'd buy a larger tv if i had room for it .
i'd like to be woken up tomorrow at 6 : 30 .
i'm going for a run . do you want to come ?
if i had known it , i would have told you .
if i miss the train , i'll get on the bus .
if i were you , i would apply for the job .
if you ever come to town , come to see me .
it is not easy to get rid of a bad habit .
it is up to you whether to buy it or not .
so , are you going to tell me who you are ?
that is the sort of job i am cut out for .
the more i know him , the more i like him .
there was no taxi , so i had to walk home .
tom promised me he would be here by 2 : 30 .
you can do it if you put your mind to it .
you have a lot of money , and i have none .
a dolphin is no more a fish than a dog is .
a man came up to me and asked for a match .
as far as i know , he is a reliable person .
as far as i know , she has not yet married .
as soon as he went to bed , he fell asleep .
as soon as she saw me , she started to cry .
first , i want to eat a little bit of cake .
from now on , i'm going to be here for you .
he came to japan when he was a boy of ten .
he gives me a bad time , as he always does .
i don't have time to do what i want to do .
i don't want to buy it if i don't need it .
i have not been able to find a job so far .
i need to know who i have to give this to .
i really like this skirt . can i try it on ?
i think it's time for me to buy a new car .
i think it's time for me to call it a day .
i think it's time for me to get a new job .
i tried to talk to tom , but he ignored me .
i used to look up to him , but not anymore .
i was going to write to you , but i forgot .
i went on a ten - day trip to easter island .
i'd like to give you the key , but i can't .
i'll be able to finish it in a day or two .
if god is with us , then who is against us ?
if i were you , i wouldn't do such a thing .
if it rains , we will go to the art museum .
if we had wings , could we fly to the moon ?
if you are ever in japan , come and see me .
if you want to come with us , come with us .
it is very kind of you to come and see me .
it's not a good car , but it's still a car .
man eats to live , he does not live to eat .
she gave me a lovely watch , but i lost it .
since i had a cold , i didn't go visit him .
tom was mauled by a dog when he was a kid .
tom , are you a dog person or a cat person ?
when i grow up i want to be just like you .
as soon as he saw a policeman , he ran away .
how do you know i'm not the one who did it ?
i am no longer young , but i can still bite .
i can't open the door . do you have the key ?
i don't want to go if you don't go with me .
i got all tongue - tied when she spoke to me .
i had a raincoat on so i didn't get so wet .
i had to drop out of college and get a job .
i have an ever growing list of to - do items .
i like meat , but eggs do not agree with me .
i need a lot of cloth to make a long dress .
i only have one mouth , but i have two ears .
i thought we had until 2 : 30 to finish this .
i told you to open the hood , not the trunk .
i tried my best , but i still lost the race .
i wish you had done what i asked you to do .
i worked hard all day , so i was very tired .
i'd like to buy two 45 - cent stamps , please .
i'll have to catch the 8 : 15 train to paris .
i've got a job and i don't want to lose it .
if you don't want to go , you don't have to .
if you give him an inch , he'll take a mile .
if you were in my place , what would you do ?
it is a pity that he has no sense of humor .
it is impossible for him to do it in a day .
it is not easy to find the way to the park .
it is not my intent to hurt you in any way .
it took us half an hour to set up the tent .
it will cost you $ 100 to fly to the island .
it's time to go to bed . turn off the radio .
keep an eye on my bag while i buy a ticket .
men , dogs , fish , and birds are all animals .
my dad gives me an allowance of $ 10 a week .
she advised him to see a lawyer , so he did .
the score is 9 to 2 in favor of our school .
this is the end of the world as we know it .
you are acting like a three - year - old child .
you can't fix it . you should buy a new one .
a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush .
a pelican can fit a lot of fish in its beak .
admit it , tom , you're still in love with me .
after i had done my homework , i went to bed .
all of a sudden , the barn went up in flames .
all of us went to the theater to see a play .
all you have to do is to wait for her reply .
any time will do so long as it is after six .
as is often the case with him , he came late .
as soon as she saw me , she burst out crying .
at last , her dream to be a doctor came true .
by the time we got there , the ship had left .
can i borrow a pen ? mine's on its last legs .
can you tell me why you want to work for us ?
do you have a piece of paper i can write on ?
don't let go of my hand , or you'll get lost .
don't shout at me . i can hear you all right .
excuse me , but do you mind if ask your name ?
had i known about it , i would have told you .
he did his best to be in time for the train .
he is going to be a doctor when he grows up .
he said he would write to me , but he hasn't .
he was the first actor i had met in my life .
help me pick out a tie to go with this suit .
how long do i have to wait for the next bus ?
how much do i owe you for the cup of coffee ?
how tall are you , and how much do you weigh ?
i always have a lot of fun when i come here .
i can't find my ticket . i must have lost it .
i don't know what i want to do with my life .
i don't like this tie . show me a better one .
i fear that i might not be able to help you .
i gave you a chance , but you didn't take it .
i had to beg my friends to come to my party .
i just wanted to let you know i have a date .
i need to have a word with you in my office .
i owe it to my parents that i am so healthy .
i ran as fast as i could to catch the train .
i ran the risk of losing my job to help her .
i suppose i could change a tire if i had to .
i think it's time for me to go back to work .
i think it's time for me to turn off the tv .
i used to swim every day when i was a child .
i want my money back and i want it back now .
i want to go to the top of the eiffel tower .
i want to thank you all for a job well done .
i've lost my umbrella . i must buy a new one .
if i knew his address , i would write to him .
if it were not for exams , we would be happy .
if it were not for water , we could not live .
if you won a million yen , what would you do ?
in the future , you have to get here on time .
it is crazy of you to put your life at risk .
it was extremely hot , so i took my coat off .
let's do this again . it's been a lot of fun .
my father was , i think , a little drunk then .
my wife is going out of town for a few days .
now that he has gone , we miss him very much .
on my way home , i came across an old friend .
one of you two is going to have to go there .
please put the chair away . it is in the way .
she may be late , in which case we will wait .
shut up . if you don't , you'll be thrown out .
since i had a slight fever , i stayed in bed .
since there was no taxi , i had to walk home .
soon , it won't be unheard of to live to 150 .
the sea is to fish what the sky is to birds .
the twins are as alike as two peas in a pod .
they're having a going - out - of - business sale .
this box is very heavy , so i can't carry it .
try on this new suit to see if it fits well .
we try to go to boston at least once a year .
what will it take to get you to vote for me ?
where did you find it , at school or at home ?
would it be ok if i drank a little more tea ?
would you mind if i ate a piece of this pie ?
you don't want to get me in trouble , do you ?
after she had lunch , she got ready to go out .
as far as i know , he has never been overseas .
as far as i know , this is the latest edition .
as long as you keep quiet , you can stay here .
don't do the crime , if you can't do the time .
don't enter the room until i say " all right . "
even though she was busy , she came to see me .
every time i see you , i think of your mother .
he is as smart as any other boy in the class .
he is my neighbor , but i don't know him well .
he laid on his back and looked up at the sky .
he looked at me out of the corner of his eye .
he may be clever , but he is not very helpful .
he saved the boy at the risk of his own life .
he tried to make his wife happy , but in vain .
he used a big piece of paper to make the bag .
he was mad at me because i broke up with him .
he'll be sure to smell a rat if i'm with you .
his cousin , whose name i forget , was a nurse .
his daughter , as well as his son , was famous .
i am going to do it whether you agree or not .
i am going to stay here for a couple of days .
i am in the habit of taking a walk every day .
i asked for a seat in the no - smoking section .
i can carry that for you if you'd like me to .
i can't keep up with you if you walk so fast .
i don't have as much money as you think i do .
i don't know if he would have done it for me .
i had enough time , so i didn't need to hurry .
i have cut up all but one of my credit cards .
i hope to get away from tokyo for a few days .
i hope you can be a better father than i was .
i just want you to tell tom what you told me .
i met a friend while i was waiting for a bus .
i suggest you do your job and let me do mine .
i think a part - time job is a good experience .
i think it's time for me to ask for her help .
i think it's time for me to buy a decent car .
i think it's time for me to buy a new camera .
i think it's time for me to get my own place .
i want a hot shower before i go back to work .
i want you to go and see if it's still there .
i was born in osaka , but brought up in tokyo .
i was on the spot when he had a heart attack .
i worked as hard as i could so i didn't fail .
i'm at a loss about what to do with the mess .
i'm sorry , but i didn't know it was a secret .
if i had enough money , i could buy this book .
if he's still alive , he'd be very old by now .
if it is fine tomorrow , we'll go on a picnic .
if we're going to do this , let's do it right .
if you can't do the time , don't do the crime .
if you don't want to sing , you don't have to .
if you start now , you will get there in time .
if you want to stay here , you are welcome to .
it is cruel of him to say such things to her .
it's not what you wear , it's how you wear it .
just a moment . i haven't made up my mind yet .
keep an eye on the child for me for a moment .
let me give you a lift as far as the station .
my wife used to stay home , but she works now .
not knowing what to do , i asked him for help .
not knowing what to do , he asked me for help .
people who will lie for you , will lie to you .
please book me a room in a first - class hotel .
she doesn't hate him . in fact , she loves him .
she picked out a pink shirt for me to try on .
she , of all people , wouldn't do such a thing .
since i had a cold , i was absent from school .
the apple was cut in two by her with a knife .
the date of the party is still up in the air .
the truth is that he was not fit for the job .
those who don't want to go , don't need to go .
tom doesn't need to do that . mary will do it .
tom is out in the yard , playing with our dog .
tom was late for class , as is often the case .
tom's at the door . please ask him to come in .
trying to do such a thing is a waste of time .
we are going to his house . want to come with ?
we will be able to raise cows and sheep , too .
what do you say to taking a walk in the park ?
without his glasses , he is as blind as a bat .
would you be so kind as to lend me your book ?
you could do this if you put your mind to it .
you have to pay 10 , 000 yen extra on holidays .
am i the only one that sees the humor in this ?
are you sure you don't want me to go with you ?
as a matter of fact , i know nothing about him .
as far as i am concerned , i have no objection .
at the start , i was really still a bit scared .
be sure to turn out the light when you go out .
do i look like a guy who wants to get married ?
do you think i'm too old to go back to school ?
give me the money you owe me and i'll be gone .
go and get a chair from the next room , please .
he had no money and so could not buy any food .
he is always a step or two ahead of the times .
he is not the sort of guy who gives in easily .
he took a taxi in order not to miss the train .
he was very tall , so i recognized him at once .
he will be angry to learn that she told a lie .
his son has what it takes to be a good doctor .
how much do you think i can get for my kidney ?
i always have to wear a tie because of my job .
i am only too glad to help you with your work .
i am surprised by a lot of the things he does .
i asked tom if i could talk to him in private .
i asked for a seat in the non - smoking section .
i don't go to the movies as often as i'd like .
i don't think the house is as big as we hoped .
i got a letter from a friend of mine in japan .
i had too much to drink and i can barely walk .
i have to go to the airport to meet my family .
i have two dogs , three cats , and six chickens .
i just did what i thought you'd want me to do .
i know that i don't want to be married to you .
i know you're busy , but i could use some help .
i make it a rule to take a walk every morning .
i met him just as he was coming out of school .
i no longer wish to be a part of this project .
i really had to run for it to catch the train .
i saw a movie for the first time in two years .
i suppose i'd do the same thing if i were you .
i think it's time for me to turn on the radio .
i tried to tell tom , but he refused to listen .
i want to get married and i want to have kids .
i want you to explain it to me in more detail .
i wanted you to see that i'm not all that bad .
i was able to find the book i was looking for .
i was very tired , so i fell asleep right away .
i will write letters to you as often as i can .
i would buy it , except that it costs too much .
i would like to call on you one of these days .
i'd like to say a few words by way of apology .
i'll be with you as soon as i finish this job .
i'm not going to stay if you don't want me to .
i'm sorry , i don't let in people i don't know .
i'm sorry , but my mother is out at the moment .
if the phone rings again , i plan to ignore it .
if you don't want me to stay here , i'll leave .
if you go near a camel , you risk being bitten .
if you want one , you'll have to find your own .
in other words , i don't like to work with him .
it could be a trap . don't let your guard down .
it's a nice day and i feel like taking a walk .
it's up to you to decide whether or not to go .
my father is going to make a trip to new york .
never did i expect to see her in such a place .
no , i'm not mad at you , i'm just disappointed .
please just tell me what it is you want to do .
she came very near to being run over by a car .
she dog - eared the page and set the book aside .
she loved me in the same way that i loved her .
that's a filthy job and i don't want to do it .
the air is bad here . will you open the window ?
the air is thin at the top of a high mountain .
the ball hit him on the left side of the head .
the boy dug a grave for his dog that had died .
the first thing you have to do is take a bath .
the young man put out his hand and i shook it .
this is the house i lived in when i was young .
this is the last place i want to be right now .
this is the same type of car as my father has .
this is the same watch that i lost a week ago .
to tell the truth , i don't like her very much .
tom and mary left the office together at 2 : 30 .
tom grew up in a small town not far from here .
tom is the boy i told you about the other day .
tom knew it was wrong to do what he was doing .
tom wanted to get out of bed , but he couldn't .
we have no choice . i guess we'll have to walk .
we were told by him to leave the room at once .
what i really want to do is to get some sleep .
what do you say to going out for a short walk ?
what makes you think i won't be able to do it ?
when we landed , we saw our friend on the pier .
which one do you prefer , this one or that one ?
who do you think is the best coach in the nfl ?
why in the world would i want to be a teacher ?
why would you ever want to do a job like that ?
will i get to the station if i take this road ?
would it be ok if i discussed it with my wife ?
would it be ok if i took a vacation next week ?
you can do whatever you want to do , of course .
you can sleep here for a while if you want to .
you don't expect me to face tom alone , do you ?
you have to go the rest of the way without me .
you must come every six months for a check - up .
you must see to it that the cakes do not burn .
you want me to wash my hands first , don't you ?
" a rolling stone gathers no moss " is a proverb .
a friend of mine came to see me during the day .
a tsunami is coming , so please be on the alert .
all we can do is wait for the police to arrive .
any song sung in french puts me in a sexy mood .
as a rule , i go to school before eight o'clock .
at a glance , he knew that the child was hungry .
at last , spring has come to this part of japan .
between you and me , i think our boss is stupid .
books are to the mind what food is to the body .
by the way , have you heard from her since then ?
come to think of it , i really need a cellphone .
do you mind if i ask you a couple of questions ?
do you really want me to go to boston with you ?
do you really want to go to the party with tom ?
every time i read the bible , i am deeply moved .
goodbye . i'll see you at the time we agreed on .
he brought me coffee , when i had asked for tea .
he explained his plan both to my son and to me .
he isn't back yet . he may have had an accident .
he knows quite well what it is like to be poor .
he tried to solve the problem , but had no luck .
he was a frenchman . i could tell by his accent .
he won't talk to her and she won't talk to him .
her only wish was to see her son one last time .
his only wish was to see his son one last time .
how long does it take to get to vienna on foot ?
i appreciate your telling me this face - to - face .
i bought this book for myself , not for my wife .
i came upon an old friend of mine on the train .
i can't kiss you the way you want to be kissed .
i can't prove it , but i'm sure he was murdered .
i don't even know if i want to do this anymore .
i don't know whether i will have time to do it .
i don't need your money . i just need your time .
i don't see why tom wanted me to be here today .
i don't want to go out in this kind of weather .
i feel cold . would you shut the window , please ?
i had been reading for an hour when he came in .
i had to sip the coffee because it was too hot .
i hate women who say that all men are the same .
i have no choice but to eat what they serve me .
i have no idea to what extent i can trust them .
i know your mom doesn't want you to talk to me .
i like swimming , but i don't like to swim here .
i like the smell of bread just out of the oven .
i ran as fast as possible to catch up with her .
i ran as fast as possible to catch up with him .
i ran to school , but the bell had already rung .
i saw him go into the toilet a few minutes ago .
i spoke to the boy who seemed to be the oldest .
i think it's time for me to ask for his advice .
i thought tom was going to take us to see mary .
i took my shoes off and put them under the bed .
i used a ribbon to tie my hair into a ponytail .
i want to have a talk with him about my future .
i want you to take back what you said just now .
i was bitten by a lot of insects in the forest .
i was just about to go out when the phone rang .
i was told that we have to bring our own water .
i will go along with you as far as the station .
i will go with you after i have eaten my lunch .
i wish i had a little more time to finish this .
i wish you had not told the story to my mother .
i wish you would shut the door when you go out .
i wonder if tom ever took mary up on her offer .
i would like to sit in the non - smoking section .
i'd like to have the sauce on the side , please .
i'd like to spend the rest of my life with you .
i'll get in touch with you as soon as i arrive .
i'll let you know the results as soon as i can .
i'll phone you as soon as i get to the airport .
i'll use magic on him and turn him into a frog .
i'm not the kind of person that you think i am .
i'm sorry , i don't buzz in people i don't know .
if by any chance it should rain , he won't come .
if he knew her phone number , he could call her .
if she had married you , she would be happy now .
if you act like that , he'll think you hate him .
if you could do that for me , i'd appreciate it .
it is a pity that you cannot come to the party .
it may sound strange , but what he said is true .
it was quite easy for me to carry the plan out .
it's a lot more fun than i thought it would be .
it's going to take me a while to get this done .
it's okay as long as no one finds out about it .
it's very rude of you to say a thing like that .
just between you and me , do you love my sister ?
mary took out a loan in order to pay her debts .
my father has gone to china . he isn't here now .
my father is so old that he is hard of hearing .
my friend tom has twice as many stamps as i do .
not knowing what to do , i asked him for advice .
oh , i haven't decided what i'm going to do yet .
she is trying to save as much money as she can .
some go to school by bicycle , others go by bus .
the area of the factory is 1 , 000 square meters .
the boy could not find his way out of the maze .
the more i sleep , the less i feel like working .
the new tunnel is twice as long as the old one .
the only thing we could do was to bear with it .
the sun rises in the east and sets in the west .
there is a lot of pressure on women to be thin .
there is a nice park in the center of the town .
they are no more alike than a cow and a canary .
this is my first time , so i'm a little nervous .
this mall is so big that i can't find the exit .
tom had to do it even though he didn't want to .
tom isn't as good at french as he thinks he is .
tom may come and visit me any time he wants to .
tom sat alone with a half - empty bottle of wine .
we are not too young to tell what love is like .
we had no customers , so we shut the shop early .
we have to figure out a way to make some money .
we have two dogs , three cats , and six chickens .
what am i supposed to do with what you gave me ?
what does your son want to be when he grows up ?
when i get through with my work , i'll call you .
when i was a child , i was always drinking milk .
whoever is at the door , please ask him to wait .
would you be willing to show me how to do that ?
would you mind if i drank the rest of the milk ?
you don't really expect me to tell you , do you ?
you have to be here at 2 : 30 tomorrow afternoon .
you have to do this whether you like it or not .
a bicycle will rust if you leave it in the rain .
a captain is in charge of his ship and its crew .
according to the x - ray , everything is all right .
all that you have to do is to follow his advice .
an old man was resting in the shade of the tree .
as far as i know , tom doesn't have a girlfriend .
at last , she was able to contact her old friend .
at least for now , i'm not going to say anything .
because my mother was ill , i could not go there .
because of the pills i took , the pain went away .
before going home , i have a few drinks to relax .
both tom and mary didn't know how to send a fax .
can you tell me how to get to the train station ?
did you have a good time on your trip to london ?
dinner is ready , so we can eat whenever we want .
do you know what it is like to be really hungry ?
do you want to install this free browser add - on ?
for a moment , he thought of going after the man .
get a job so you can support your wife and kids .
get in touch with me as soon as you arrive here .
had i known you'd be here , i wouldn't have come .
half of the people in the office took a day off .
he has been the chief of his tribe for 35 years .
he is not man to lose heart at a single failure .
he makes it a rule never to speak ill of others .
he makes it a rule to take a walk every morning .
he said that he had met her on the previous day .
he says he's innocent , but they put him in jail .
he was the sort of man you could get along with .
he who lives by the sword will die by the sword .
he will come back to japan in the middle of may .
her business was started with capital of $ 2 , 000 .
how do you know those guys won't try to kill us ?
how long will it take me to walk to the station ?
how many times do you have to go to the dentist ?
how many years has it been since i last saw you ?
i arranged for a car to meet you at the airport .
i asked him not to play the piano late at night .
i can't go out because i have a lot of homework .
i did everything i could to help tom find a job .
i didn't expect to see you at a place like this .
i don't care if you're busy . please help me now .
i don't know why i'm in a bad mood this morning .
i don't know yet , but i'll find out soon enough .
i find it hard to get up early on cold mornings .
i had left the key in the office the day before .
i had some free time , so i wandered around town .
i had the feeling you were going to ask me that .
i have something to tell you . i am your brother .
i have to pull a ripcord to start my lawn mower .
i looked tom in the eyes and told him the truth .
i saw tom a few minutes ago and he looked tired .
i saw a fishing boat about a mile off the shore .
i saw her taking a walk in the park at midnight .
i sent him a letter to let him know my decision .
i think i'll stay in boston for a few more days .
i think it's time for me to buy a decent camera .
i think it's time for me to get my eyes checked .
i think it's time for me to move to the suburbs .
i think this medicine will do you a lot of good .
i took it for granted that you were on our side .
i want to know if my baggage is going to arrive .
i will go there on foot or by bicycle next time .
i wish that i could give you the money you need .
i'd rather not talk about it , if you don't mind .
i'll pay you back the money i owe you next week .
i'm on my way to visit a friend in the hospital .
i've been looking for a new job for a long time .
i've made peace with my maker . i'm ready to die .
if i screw up , what's the worst that can happen ?
if i were caught , do you know what would happen ?
if he had been free , he would have gone fishing .
if you don't want to talk about it , that's okay .
if you had a million dollars , what would you do ?
if you really like mary , you should ask her out .
in time he'll come to see the error of his ways .
it always takes time to get used to a new place .
it is an advantage to be able to use a computer .
it is in this room that the summit will be held .
it took a long time for her to write the report .
let me introduce you to a new way of doing that .
let's see if we can find out what the matter is .
let's sit here for a while and look at the view .
my dream is to lead a quiet life in the country .
my dream is to make it as an actor in hollywood .
my sister has three times as many books as i do .
no one in his class can run faster than he does .
not a sound was to be heard in the concert hall .
one does not wear a red mini skirt to a funeral .
reading is to the mind what food is to the body .
seen from the moon , the earth looks like a ball .
she asked him for some money to buy a new dress .
she bought a shirt for him to wear to the party .
she got him to do anything she wanted him to do .
she had been sick for a week when i visited her .
she obeys him no matter what he tells her to do .
she wrote to him to tell him that she loved him .
tell me what to write and i'll write it for you .
that cake looks good too . give me a small piece .
that child grew a lot in a short amount of time .
that house is small , but it's big enough for us .
that is the same umbrella as i found on the bus .
that was the first time i had ever driven a car .
the black cat purred , as if he was being petted .
the bus will take you to the center of the city .
the company , wholly owned by ntt , is doing well .
the money you give them will be put to good use .
the police have few clues to go on in this case .
the weather was not only cold , it was also damp .
there is a white line in the middle of the road .
they started to sell a new type of car in tokyo .
this car is my father's , but it'll soon be mine .
this is a lot harder than i thought it would be .
tom can reach me at this number any time of day .
tom didn't get in until after 2 : 30 this morning .
tom didn't want to go back to where he was born .
tom has money . however , he's not all that happy .
tom isn't as busy this week as he was last week .
tom says he thinks it's a waste of time to vote .
we ate an early lunch while we were at the mall .
we have no choice but to give up the whole plan .
what did you say ? could you please say it again ?
what makes you think you won't be able to do it ?
what should you do if you are bitten by a cobra ?
when i painted this picture , i was 23 years old .
while waiting for bus , i was caught in a shower .
who's that cute girl i saw you with at the mall ?
why don't you take a long walk off a short pier ?
would it be ok if i discussed it with my family ?
would you like to go out for a drink after work ?
you gave tom the money he asked for , didn't you ?
you will be all right again in a couple of days .
a doctor told me that eating eggs was bad for me .
a good night's sleep will do you a world of good .
a leap year has three hundred and sixty - six days .
a number of cars are parked in front of my house .
a portrait of an old man was hanging on the wall .
actually , i don't like the way your hair is done .
all the goods for sale are set out on the tables .
at any rate , i must finish this work by tomorrow .
be it ever so humble , there's no place like home .
believe me when i tell you that i don't love you .
could we have a table in the non - smoking section ?
did she go to the station to see her teacher off ?
do you have any idea how stupid i feel right now ?
do you have something that you want to say to me ?
do you really want to put your life in her hands ?
do you want to spend the rest of your life alone ?
far from being a failure , it was a great success .
forests cover around 9 . 4 % of the earth's surface .
get a move on kids or you'll miss the school bus .
had he been there , would you have wanted to come ?
he asked me if i had slept well the night before .
he did not believe anyone had the right to do so .
he doesn't mean to be mean . it's just his nature .
he drank a cup of tea and then asked for another .
he has retired , but he is still an actual leader .
he has the habit of standing up when he is angry .
he is very friendly , so i enjoy working with him .
he kept his sense of humor until the day he died .
he once knew her , but they are no longer friends .
he tried to make his wife happy , but he couldn't .
he wrote her a long letter , which he didn't mail .
how many books do you think you have read so far ?
how many hours a day do you spend in your office ?
i admit , i'm not the tidiest person in the world .
i advised him not to spend all his money on food .
i can't thank you enough for what you did for me .
i can't turn it on , because the switch is broken .
i could not catch as many fish as i had expected .
i don't know what to say to make you feel better .
i don't want to be any more burden to my parents .
i don't want you to make the same mistake i made .
i feel sort of dizzy and i feel like throwing up .
i found the book which i had lost the day before .
i gave him advice , to which he paid no attention .
i get the feeling you don't really want me to go .
i got up early in order to catch the first train .
i had to cancel my trip on account of the strike .
i hate to interrupt , but i need to say something .
i have never had more than $ 500 in my possession .
i hear a lot of girls wear bikinis at that beach .
i held on to the rope tightly so i wouldn't fall .
i hope to have my car paid off by next september .
i just wanted to say thank you for all your help .
i met some friends while i was waiting for a bus .
i often go out for a short walk just after lunch .
i stayed in bed all day instead of going to work .
i think it's time for me to contact him by phone .
i think it's time for me to throw a little party .
i think it's time for us to come to an agreement .
i think we should ask tom where he wants to live .
i think you'll regret it if you don't go with us .
i understand it , but i still don't agree with it .
i used to tell people i knew how to speak french .
i want a boat that'll take me far away from here .
i want to make sure you're going to be all right .
i wanted to talk to you because i need your help .
i will have my sister pick you up at the station .
i will never forget the day when i first met him .
i will tell him about it when he comes next time .
i wish i could figure out how to make more money .
i'd like you to look after my dog while i'm away .
i'd rather stay home if it's all the same to you .
i'm sorry , but i don't feel like going out today .
i've told you over and over again not to do that .
if he finds out , certainly he will be very angry .
if he had been honest , i would have employed him .
if you don't believe me , go and see for yourself .
if you don't like the service , don't leave a tip .
if you touch that wire , you will receive a shock .
in japan , there is no lake bigger than lake biwa .
in any case , i must finish this work by tomorrow .
is it true that you are going to study in london ?
it does not matter to me whether you come or not .
it is impossible for him to finish it in an hour .
it is necessary to have a license to drive a car .
it is not clear what the writer is trying to say .
it looks like tom was able to get what he wanted .
it took them some time to get used to each other .
it was just an accident that we met at the store .
it's easier to spend a lot than to save a little .
judging from his expression , he is in a bad mood .
keep an eye on my suitcase while i buy my ticket .
london , the capital of england , is on the thames .
man is the only animal that blushes . or needs to .
man is the only animal that can make use of fire .
mr . jackson gives us a lot of homework every day .
my friend told me that he had bought a new watch .
needless to say , he was late for school as usual .
never take a blind man's arm . let him take yours .
no one seems to have the guts to do that anymore .
once you have made a promise , you should keep it .
one third of the friends i grew up with are dead .
people can't do a lot of things at the same time .
perseverance , as you know , is the key to success .
quito , ecuador , is a little south of the equator .
she advised him to stay in bed for two more days .
she asked him if he was a student at this school .
she bought him a sweater , but he hated the color .
she grew up near the sea , yet she hates swimming .
she is very shy and feels ill at ease at parties .
she told me that she would go to paris in august .
she wanted him to say that he would pay the bill .
since it stopped raining , he went out for a walk .
that was the hardest thing i ever did in my life .
the baby is in his crib , sucking on his pacifier .
the company was started with $ 100 , 000 in capital .
the group was made up of six girls and four guys .
the higher we go up , the thinner the air becomes .
the mail train lost most of its mail in the fire .
the man driving the bus is a good friend of mine .
the problem was that i had nothing to say to him .
the soccer game will be played , even if it rains .
the stock price index soared to an all - time high .
the time has come when i must tell you the truth .
the tree was felled with one hard blow of his ax .
there are a few apples on the tree , aren't there ?
there are more stars in the sky than i can count .
there's no need to hurry . we have plenty of time .
they might pay me more if i could use a computer .
this will be one of the best memories of my life .
tom and mary both left the room at the same time .
tom asked mary to go out to have dinner with him .
tom didn't want to come here , but he came anyway .
tom forgot to tell us not to drink the tap water .
tom put the first aid kit back where he found it .
tom showed mary how to boil water in a paper cup .
two years went by before i could find a good job .
we arrived at the museum after a ten - minute walk .
we had not gone very far when it started to rain .
we have to make sure that we never do this again .
we looked at the sky , but couldn't see any stars .
we saved a lot of time by going down park street .
we were glad when we saw a light in the distance .
what do you think of when you look at this photo ?
what they did next was bad , even by my standards .
when i hear that song , i think about my hometown .
when was the last time you had a really good cry ?
which do you like better , white wine or red wine ?
who sings the best of all the boys in your class ?
why don't you meet me out front in a few minutes ?
you are free to do as you please with your money .
you can't just make up the rules as you go along .
you can't make me do anything i don't want to do .
you may take either the big box or the small one .
you must bear in mind what i've just said to you .
you're the one who decided to do this job , right ?
your tea will get cold if you don't drink it now .
a boy of seventeen is often as tall as his father .
a good many people have told me to take a holiday .
all of the apples that fall are eaten by the pigs .
as more paper money came into use , the value fell .
as soon as it gets dark , the fireworks will start .
both of us began to smile almost at the same time .
can you give me a ride to the office on wednesday ?
compared to you , i'm just a beginner at this game .
compared to you , i'm only a beginner at this game .
could you keep an eye on my suitcase for a moment ?
did you pick up on that strange tone in his voice ?
do you know anyone who was on that ship that sunk ?
do you know who that tall blonde girl in green is ?
do you really want to put your money in that bank ?
do you think i can use my cellphone in the shower ?
don't worry about your dog . i'll take care of him .
had he heard the news , he might have been shocked .
he began his meal by drinking half a glass of ale .
he didn't know what to say , so he remained silent .
he gave me all the money he was carrying with him .
he is looking at what used to be my father's desk .
he is not a patient but a doctor in this hospital .
he is the only one of my friends that is talented .
he laid down his pen and leaned back in his chair .
he must be crazy to go out in this stormy weather .
he said that he had told you to speak more slowly .
he thinks he is somebody , but really he is nobody .
he told us such a funny story that we all laughed .
he tried with all his might to push the door open .
he was in the habit of taking a walk after supper .
he will not change his mind in spite of my advice .
his sisters as well as he are now living in kyoto .
hoover was born in the farm state of iowa in 1874 .
how long does it take to get to the train station ?
i am afraid things will take a turn for the worse .
i am grateful to you for inviting me to the party .
i am very happy that you have agreed to that plan .
i asked tom to come yesterday , but he didn't come .
i beg your pardon . i didn't quite catch your name .
i came near being drowned , trying to rescue a boy .
i can't afford to rent a house like this in tokyo .
i can't believe he renounced his u . s . citizenship .
i caught a glimpse of him as he turned the corner .
i could really make things hard for you , you know .
i don't know what would happen if i ever lost you .
i don't like her , because she always puts on airs .
i don't switch on the light in my studio at night .
i don't think i could ever get used to this smell .
i don't want to hear about all your ex - boyfriends .
i don't want to work at a supermarket all my life .
i expect him to get over the shock of his failure .
i forgot i was supposed to bring a bottle of wine .
i fully intend to do everything i said i would do .
i get the feeling you don't really want me to win .
i hate it when you pretend like you don't know me .
i hate when other people make me wait a long time .
i have an appointment i don't want to be late for .
i have an older brother who's the same age as you .
i know that tune , but i can't remember the lyrics .
i know the boy who is sitting closest to the door .
i like to spread honey on my toast in the morning .
i must get my work done by the day after tomorrow .
i only eat meat about three or four times a month .
i repeated what he said exactly as he had said it .
i stayed at home all day instead of going to work .
i think it's time for me to make some new friends .
i think the prices in this store are way too high .
i think we can come up with better plan than this .
i think you want this more than you want to admit .
i thought you'd been killed . i'm glad i was wrong .
i took it for granted that you would come with us .
i want the whole world to know that we're in love .
i want to find somewhere i can sit down and relax .
i want to keep doing this for as long as possible .
i want to know when my baggage is going to arrive .
i want you to know that i can't be there tomorrow .
i want you to say you're not going back to boston .
i was ashamed of what i had done to my benefactor .
i went on vacation , and my plants are still alive .
i will see to it that everything is ready in time .
i will wait for you in front of the radio station .
i would have bought that car if i'd had the money .
i would like to see you before i leave for europe .
i wouldn't do that for all the money in the world .
i wrote down his phone number on a scrap of paper .
i wrote him a letter asking him to come home soon .
i'd like to talk to the doctor alone for a moment .
i'm not going to do anything you don't want me to .
i'm sorry to say , but the service isn't very good .
if he hadn't wasted time , he'd be finished by now .
if you're not listening to the radio , turn it off .
in spite of the heavy traffic , we arrived on time .
it is difficult to shoot a bird flying in the air .
it is very careless of you to leave the door open .
it seems like the cat caught the scent of a mouse .
it seems that you are not having a good time here .
it took a whole month to break in those new shoes .
it was a pity that tom couldn't come to our party .
it was at that very moment that the bomb went off .
it was raining when i got on the bus this morning .
it was wise of you to take your umbrella with you .
it would be counter - productive to do such a thing .
it would be great if you could join us for dinner .
it'll take some time to get used to wearing a wig .
it's gotten dark . please turn on the light for me .
it's very kind of you to help me with my homework .
japan today is not what it was even ten years ago .
listen to your heart , and you will know it's true .
my alarm clock didn't work . that's why i was late .
my mother was so tired that she went to bed early .
now that you are an adult , you should know better .
people say i look about the same age as my sister .
please be sure to take one dose three times a day .
she advised him not to go out by himself at night .
she goes to the beauty salon at least once a week .
she got him to do everything she wanted him to do .
she heard him scream , so she ran into his bedroom .
she knows ten times as many english words as i do .
she sat on the bed as her mother braided her hair .
she tasted the cake to see if it was sweet enough .
she told him that she had seen me there last week .
she told me that her mother had bought it for her .
she waved at me before she got on board the plane .
she wrote to him to tell him how wonderful he was .
sooner or later , tom will likely agree to help us .
that dry - cleaning business is a front for the mob .
that is the same umbrella that i found on the bus .
the mere thought of it is enough to make me happy .
the plane climbed to an altitude of 10 , 000 meters .
the price is low , but the quality isn't very good .
the teacher has three times as many books as i do .
the time has come for you to play your trump card .
the village in which he was born is far from here .
the woman managed the drunk as if he were a child .
there are times when i'd like to be more like you .
these shoes are so tight that i can't put them on .
tom and mary don't like the same kind of tv shows .
tom certainly had a lot of time to think about it .
tom didn't get home until after 2 : 30 this morning .
tom didn't pay me as much as he promised he would .
tom had the only pool in town with a diving board .
tom lives in a small town not too far from boston .
tom will leave the company at the end of the year .
walking down the street , i ran into an old friend .
we can't change history , but we can learn from it .
we can't stay here . the roof is about to collapse !
we should get away from here as quickly as we can .
we woke up very early in order to see the sunrise .
what movie was it that you told me i should watch ?
what sort of people hang out at a place like this ?
when was the last time you went to an art gallery ?
why do so many people suffer from low self - esteem ?
why don't you ask me what you really want to know ?
women are meant to be loved , not to be understood .
would you mind if i poured myself a cup of coffee ?
you are the kind of guitarist i like to sing with .
you aren't really going to join the army , are you ?
you don't have an alibi for the day of the murder .
you should know better than to ask a lady her age .
a great deal of energy is locked up in the nucleus .
a horseshoe and a four - leaf clover bring good luck .
a new building is being built in front of my house .
a room without books is like a body without a soul .
a sprain like this should heal within a week or so .
after he heard the news , tom was in seventh heaven .
all the cherry trees in the park are in full bloom .
apart from his parents , no one knows him very well .
as soon as i've finished doing that , i'll help you .
being too nervous to reply , he stared at the floor .
bring me a clean plate and take the dirty one away .
can you recommend a place for me to stay in london ?
china is about twenty - five times as large as japan .
could you please tell me how to get to the station ?
could you tell me how to get to the subway station ?
do not fear the unexpected , but be prepared for it .
do you still want me to give tom your old computer ?
don't mind me . just keep doing what you were doing .
don't you think we should at least give tom a call ?
driving on a slippery road can lead to a car wreck .
each time i see this picture , i remember my father .
even if you are busy , you should keep your promise .
even though she was a heavy woman , she danced well .
have you given any more thought to what i told you ?
he can't chew well , because he has a toothache now .
he confided in me things he would tell no one else .
he got up and left in the middle of the discussion .
he has given up smoking for the sake of his health .
he is going to stay with his uncle for the weekend .
he went to see her in the hospital every other day .
his income is now double what it was ten years ago .
how many hours a day does she spend in the kitchen ?
i can assure you that honesty pays in the long run .
i can't study anywhere in my house . it's too noisy .
i can't tell you how much your support means to us .
i don't feel well today and prefer to stay at home .
i don't know how you lasted five years in that job .
i don't know whether he'll come by train or by car .
i don't think i could forgive myself if i did that .
i found the diary that my father kept for 30 years .
i get the feeling you don't really want me to stay .
i go to the office by bicycle except on rainy days .
i have faith in your ability to do the right thing .
i hope that you won't make the same mistake as tom .
i just thought you might want to go skiing with us .
i just want to make enough money to feed my family .
i just want you to know how much i appreciate this .
i know who didn't do what they were supposed to do .
i know you didn't really want to come on this trip .
i really need to go outside and get some fresh air .
i think i must be leaving since it is getting late .
i thought it'd be fun to sing a few songs together .
i want guards posted here and i want them here now .
i want to apologize for the way i acted last night .
i want to find out if the warranty has expired yet .
i was wondering if you were going to show up today .
i wonder if i should talk to her about the problem .
i'd be delighted if they asked me to give a speech .
i'd be depressed if they asked me to quit the team .
i'd be surprised if they asked me to give a speech .
i'd like to speak with tom in private for a moment .
i'm sorry but i can't lend you my car next weekend .
i've heard of him , but i don't know him personally .
i've learned not to put much stock in what he says .
i've never seen tom do what you say he always does .
if it rains tomorrow , i'm not going to the meeting .
if you don't have enough money , i'll lend you some .
if you don't pay rent , the landlord will evict you .
if you taste this sauce you'll find it a bit salty .
in case of an emergency , what number should i call ?
in short , he's run off without paying off his debt .
it is abnormal to have the heart on the right side .
it is not easy to understand why you want to leave .
it rained all day long yesterday , so i stayed home .
it took me a couple of hours to solve this problem .
it was difficult for us to decide which one to buy .
it's a beautiful night for a swim , don't you think ?
it's ached before , but never as badly as right now .
it's been a long time since we last saw each other .
it's good to see that our efforts were not in vain .
it's hard to tell whether tom dyes his hair or not .
judging from his appearance , he must be a rich man .
just as we are talking , there was a loud explosion .
just observe your cat and you will get to know him .
let's go out and have a good time with our friends .
let's see if we can come up with a better solution .
let's spread the map on the table and talk it over .
lie on the bench for a while with your eyes closed .
life in prison is worse than the life of an animal .
my cat likes it when i scratch her behind the ears .
my mother is the first one to get up every morning .
my parents sent me to fat camp when i was thirteen .
my wife did not attend the party and neither did i .
now that you have made your decision , you must act .
oceans do not so much divide the world as unite it .
out of twenty students , only one has read the book .
people say that he is the richest man in this town .
satoru is the fastest runner out of the five of us .
she is firmly determined to own a store of her own .
she made it plain that she wanted to go to college .
she was at a loss for words to express her feeling .
she was happy to be introduced to him at the party .
she waved both her hands so that he could find her .
suppose you had ten million yen , what would you do ?
tell me which of the two cameras is the better one .
that's a very good question . i'm glad you asked it .
the bar was so smoky that my eyes started to sting .
the best way to predict the future is to invent it .
the day will soon come when man can travel to mars .
the last time i saw tom he was walking on crutches .
the other boys teased him when he got his hair cut .
the prize money enabled me to go on a world cruise .
the radio is too loud . please turn the volume down .
the reason is that i want to be an english teacher .
the smell of dirty socks makes me want to throw up .
the spell was broken and the pig turned into a man .
the tip of the spear was dipped in a deadly poison .
then the pen fell from my hand and i just listened .
there is an old castle at the foot of the mountain .
there was nothing that i could do but wait for him .
they had been saving money for the trip for a year .
this flower is yellow , but all the others are blue .
this guidebook might be of use to you on your trip .
this is an express train . it won't make many stops .
this might be the last time we ever see each other .
tom doesn't mind the cold , but mary can't stand it .
tom goes to the barber less than four times a year .
tom handed the key to mary and she opened the door .
tom intends to live in boston for more than a year .
tom said that he didn't want to go to mary's party .
tom thought it would be a good idea to leave early .
up to that time he had been staying with his uncle .
water is liquid . when it freezes , it becomes solid .
we all wondered why she had dumped such a nice man .
we had no choice but to call the police last night .
we hurried to the airport , but we missed the plane .
we must take into account the fact that she is old .
we were taught that world war ii broke out in 1939 .
we'll just have to wait and see how things pan out .
were you going to the train station when i saw you ?
what should i do to find a suitable job for myself ?
when he arrives in tokyo , i'll call you right away .
when you get on the highway , shift into fifth gear .
whenever i hear that song , i think of my childhood .
which do you like better , the sea or the mountains ?
why do you have your umbrella up ? it's not raining .
why do you want to know what we are thinking about ?
would you carry this up to the second floor for me ?
would you ever go out with a guy who couldn't sing ?
would you like for me to make you something to eat ?
you could count to ten when you were two years old .
you have to look out for other cars when you drive .
you have to study hard to catch up with your class .
you may not believe it , but it is nonetheless true .
you must consider what kind of work you want to do .
you never can tell what kind of job you might find .
you talk so fast i can't understand a word you say .
you're welcome to stay with us as long as you want .
a beautiful woman was seated one row in front of me .
a caged cricket eats just as much as a free cricket .
a clear conscience is the sure sign of a bad memory .
a dye was injected into a vein of the patient's arm .
a fire broke out at the inn where they were staying .
a large amount of money was spent on the new bridge .
a lot of people are now trying to sell their houses .
a plastic cup is better than one made of real glass .
actually it might be a good idea to start right now .
after hearing the sad news , she broke down in tears .
after some hesitation , he laid the book on the desk .
are you really going to let tom go there by himself ?
aren't you hot ? why don't you take off your sweater ?
can you briefly sum up what was said at the meeting ?
can you imagine what life will be like for them now ?
could you lend me your bicycle for a couple of days ?
could you tell me how to get to the nearest station ?
did you leave at the same time as my younger sister ?
do unto others as you would have others do unto you .
even if he does something bad , he'll never admit it .
have you been told when you are expected to be here ?
he called in to say he could not attend the meeting .
he came to the united states as a boy from scotland .
he ditched the car in an alley and took off running .
he had no sooner arrived than he was asked to leave .
he hit the center of the target with his first shot .
he is by far the best baseball player at our school .
he is one of the most popular students in the class .
he isn't smart enough to add up numbers in his head .
he ran away from home three times before he was ten .
he seldom reads an editorial and is not a book worm .
he took a look at the newspaper before going to bed .
he was very kind to invite me to his birthday party .
he will be prosecuted to the full extent of the law .
he will look after the cats for me while i'm abroad .
her daughter has what it takes to be a good teacher .
how do i know this isn't another one of your tricks ?
how many payments will it take to pay off this loan ?
how many times have i told you to fold your clothes ?
how much longer will i have to stay in the hospital ?
how would you like your coffee , black or with cream ?
i can't figure out how to delete what i just posted .
i can't remember the last time i ate with my family .
i didn't want to look stupid in front of my friends .
i don't think he has anything to do with the matter .
i expect you to give me an answer by this afternoon .
i found my father's diary that he kept for 30 years .
i gave some of my old clothes to the salvation army .
i get nervous when i speak in front of large crowds .
i get the feeling you don't really want me to drive .
i have been living in rio de janeiro for four years .
i have to go soon because i left the engine running .
i just heard that tom and mary are moving to boston .
i just think you should be more careful , that's all .
i knew you liked me even though you never showed it .
i received a letter from one of my friends in japan .
i suppose tom told you what time he plans to arrive .
i think i still have time for another cup of coffee .
i think there is no point in trying to persuade him .
i think we should be allowed to go anywhere we want .
i took the liberty of calling him by his first name .
i was careful not to say anything to make him angry .
i was late for the meeting because of a traffic jam .
i was wondering when you were going to tell me that .
i went into the town in search of a good restaurant .
i will never forget your kindness as long as i live .
i wonder what tom would do in a situation like this .
i would like to give him a present for his birthday .
i would like to leave this town and never come back .
i'd explain it to you , but your brain would explode .
i'd like to do shopping on fifth avenue in new york .
i'd like to earn my keep while i'm staying with you .
i'd like you to look after my dog during my absence .
i'm quite certain i don't want to be married to you .
i'm sorry for the pain i caused you and your family .
if blaming me makes you feel better , go right ahead .
if for some reason that happened , what would you do ?
if that guitar weren't so expensive , i could buy it .
if there's anything else you need , just let me know .
if you don't hurry , you won't get there before dark .
if you take this medicine , you'll feel a lot better .
if you want to be free , destroy your television set .
in kyoto , you can see both old and modern buildings .
is it necessary for me to explain the reason to him ?
it took a long time to accustom myself to the noise .
it would have been better if you had left it unsaid .
it's already eleven . it's high time you were in bed .
it's foolish on your part to swim when it's so cold .
japan is a leader in the world's high - tech industry .
just out of curiosity , what do you expect to happen ?
last night it was so hot that i couldn't sleep well .
last night , we looked at the stars from the rooftop .
look carefully . i'm going to show you how it's done .
mt . fuji is higher than any other mountain in japan .
my coworker really knows how to suck up to the boss .
my doctor told me that i needed to lose some weight .
my family went to the zoo to see pandas last sunday .
my money seems to disappear by the end of the month .
my sister is a twenty - one years old college student .
novels aren't being read as much as they used to be .
people change . there's not much you can do about it .
reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body .
riding a unicycle is one thing i'm not very good at .
she agreed with him that i should go to the meeting .
she cried and cried , but nobody came to comfort her .
she explained to him why she was late for his party .
she finally managed to get a hold of her old friend .
she had a good time talking with him about his trip .
she hid the letter carefully so no one would see it .
she is fresh from college , so she has no experience .
she waved her hand until the train was out of sight .
she will surely be enjoying a hot bath at this hour .
since my mother was sick , i stayed home from school .
some eggs weren't rotten , but the rest of them were .
take a look at the faq before you call tech support .
take an umbrella with you in case it begins to rain .
take your hat off when you enter a house of worship .
the boy took off his clothes and put on his pajamas .
the dirty boy turned out to be a prince in disguise .
the doctor told me to eat fewer high - calorie snacks .
the hotel we stayed at last summer is near the lake .
the house is opposite the church . you can't miss it .
the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few .
the strange - looking woman was thought to be a witch .
there is not much doubt about the cause of the fire .
there was once a time when i could not trust others .
there's a rumor going around that she got a new job .
they can produce the same goods at a far lower cost .
they say that he is the richest person in the world .
they stayed in the room with me for the whole night .
to be honest , i've never heard of this place before .
to tell the truth , i don't like what you're wearing .
today was a good day , so i'll sleep soundly tonight .
tom asked mary what kind of books she liked to read .
tom said that he didn't want to ever see mary again .
tom saw the newspaper on the floor and picked it up .
tom says he knows how difficult it'll be to do that .
until now , i've never been spoken to by a foreigner .
we are looking forward to going on a hike next week .
we could see the lights of the town in the distance .
we need to concentrate on coming up with a new plan .
we need to remember to put some gasoline in the car .
we ran out of gas in the middle of the intersection .
we saw tom talking to mary in the park this morning .
what you have just said reminds me of an old saying .
when i got to school , the race had already finished .
when i was in school , i really hated writing essays .
when the results are made public , i'll let you know .
where were you ? we've been looking all over for you .
whether he agrees or not , we won't change our plans .
while swimming in the pool , she lost her locker key .
why don't you start by telling us who went with you ?
why don't you tell me the way you think it happened ?
you can adjust this desk to the height of any child .
you can't just leave us here with no food and water .
you know this isn't the way we should be doing this .
you should have told him about it while he was here .
you should not have lent the money to such a person .
you still haven't told me why you decided not to go .
you'll have to take his place in case he can't come .
you're going to turn a lot of heads with that dress .
a dog's sense of smell is much keener than a human's .
a lot of people think that lawyers get paid too much .
a professional thief can jimmy a car door in no time .
a trip to america this summer is out of the question .
a university job would give you a lot more free time .
about this time tomorrow , we'll be climbing mt . fuji .
after a while , corn flakes in milk will become soggy .
after the war , he managed to escape to south america .
all the flowers in the garden died for lack of water .
are you saying that you don't want to see me anymore ?
because my mother is sick , my father will cook today .
could you please tell me again where you put the key ?
did tom talk to you about his plans for next weekend ?
do you have a showroom for your products in the city ?
do you think we should just wait and hope it changes ?
don't breathe a word of what i've told you to anyone .
don't interfere with him if you want him to like you .
don't tell tom about what we plan to do next weekend .
finishing the job by tuesday will be a piece of cake .
having failed several times , he tried to do it again .
he can't work properly until he's had his cup of joe .
he caught the first train and got there just in time .
he demanded that i should pay the money back at once .
he had a kind word and a pleasant smile for everyone .
he tried to be brave while he was being held hostage .
his son - in - law completely recovered from his illness .
how much money do you have in your pockets right now ?
how old were you when you learned to write your name ?
i always drink a glass of milk before going to sleep .
i always have a good supply of tissues in my pockets .
i always thought this would be the right thing to do .
i am not quite sure if we can meet your requirements .
i began to be afraid you would never come back again .
i built a house within a stone's throw of the forest .
i can't believe i'm stuck here in this room with you .
i can't figure out how to register a new domain name .
i cannot help loving her in spite of her many faults .
i did everything in my power to protect her from you .
i don't know whether he's younger or older than i am .
i don't see why everyone thinks this book is so good .
i don't want to share the hotel room with a stranger .
i expect a subway station will be here in the future .
i found my father's diary which he kept for 30 years .
i got up earlier than usual to catch the first train .
i had hardly left home when it began to rain heavily .
i had lunch with tom at a restaurant near the office .
i had no idea that you were having problems with tom .
i had planned to leave for new york the next morning .
i have just arrived . i haven't even unpacked my bags .
i love to spend time trying to put together a puzzle .
i ran into an old friend of mine outside the station .
i scribbled down his address in the back of my diary .
i shouldn't have to tell you to keep your room clean .
i speak french to my father and english to my mother .
i spent a week in berlin living with a german family .
i spent hours looking for the key that i had dropped .
i still think we should've invited tom to go with us .
i suppose i'll have to be more careful in the future .
i think i should probably go home and get some sleep .
i think it's time for me to split some more firewood .
i thought about giving my saxophone to tom as a gift .
i understand i can get a bus to disneyland from here .
i want you to tell me everything you know about that .
i want you to understand this isn't going to be easy .
i wanted to have a word with you about what happened .
i was surprised to see so many people at the concert .
i was wondering if i could take a vacation next week .
i wish i had studied english harder when i was young .
i won't divorce you unless you give me a good reason .
i won't have enough time for everything i want to do .
i would like it if we could spend more time together .
i would rather go to the mountains than to the beach .
i would think you have other things to keep you busy .
i'd like a copy of that document as soon as possible .
i'd like to book a table for four for tomorrow night .
i'll arrange for someone to pick you up at your home .
i'm going to make you an offer that you can't refuse .
i'm only going to say this once , so listen carefully .
i'm surprised to see you smoking . you didn't used to .
i've been trying to get in touch with you for months .
i've waited two whole hours . i can't wait any longer .
if he had gotten her advice , he would have succeeded .
if the shop is closed today , i'll try again tomorrow .
if walls could talk , what stories would they tell us ?
if you have a question , please raise your right hand .
if you pass this test , you could graduate next month .
in my city , the temperature is one degree above zero .
it cost me one thousand yen to get the bicycle fixed .
it doesn't matter what game he plays , he always wins .
it is necessary for you to go and encourage the girl .
it is said that his father died in a foreign country .
it makes no difference to me whether he comes or not .
it seems that he has something to do with the matter .
it seems to me that she has a tendency to exaggerate .
it will take time for him to recover from his wounds .
it's been a long time since i've had a real vacation .
it's been a long time since i've seen tom this happy .
just tell me this isn't going to get me into trouble .
last sunday , mary and i went to the library together .
let me read the paper when you have finished with it .
let's take advantage of the vacation to go on a hike .
many inmates on death row say they don't want to die .
my laptop battery doesn't last as long as it used to .
my mother goes to the market every day to buy things .
my parents wouldn't let me date who i wanted to date .
no matter how hard the training was , she never cried .
no matter how rich people are , they always want more .
on the american flag , there's a star for every state .
one lives in fukuoka , and the others live in niigata .
she has spent hours at the gym trying to lose weight .
she knelt beside him and asked him what his name was .
she lived in the suburbs of tokyo when she was young .
she ran over her lines once before she went on stage .
she ran very fast to catch up with the other members .
she sat at the bar downing shot after shot of whisky .
she should be there now because she left an hour ago .
she was looking forward to going to a movie with him .
since he didn't know what to say , he remained silent .
since she got her braces , i've hardly seen her smile .
some of them are healthy , but others are not healthy .
sometimes you have to do things you don't want to do .
that kind of thing can happen when you're in a hurry .
that's not the reason why i said the job wasn't easy .
the nozomi is the fastest of all the trains in japan .
the child was afraid of being left alone in the dark .
the fence was not high enough to keep the wolves out .
the lady that is speaking to that boy is his teacher .
the old man narrowly escaped being run over by a car .
the train wasn't as crowded as i thought it would be .
the way you sit tells a great deal about your nature .
the woman who he thought was his aunt was a stranger .
there is a lady downstairs who wants to speak to you .
there is a large parking lot in front of the station .
there was only one case of chicken pox at the school .
there were no customers , so we closed the shop early .
there's a movie i want to watch on tv tomorrow night .
there's a scratch here . could you give me a discount ?
this bread is really delicious . where did you buy it ?
this elevator is out of order . please use the stairs .
this is the worst thing that has ever happened to me !
this storm is not dangerous . you don't need to worry .
this summer we'll go to the mountains and to the sea .
tom bet mary that he could beat her at arm wrestling .
tom burned all of the letters that mary had sent him .
tom doesn't like women who wear way too much make up .
tom dreams of owning a house in the center of boston .
tom had no sooner arrived than he was asked to leave .
tom handed mary a knife so she could peel the apples .
tom is slowly catching up with the rest of the class .
tom just wants to spend a little more time with mary .
tom likes to work in the garden before going to work .
tom made it clear that he didn't like mary very much .
tom ran out of matches so he couldn't light the fire .
tom said that he had been cleaning the house all day .
tom saw both mary and john getting out of their cars .
tom spent the night in the small cabin near the lake .
tom told mary that he didn't like her sense of humor .
tom wished that he could play tennis as well as mary .
we can't do anything until we get back to the office .
we climbed higher so that we might get a better view .
we have some guys on our team who can't speak french .
we insist that a meeting be held as soon as possible .
we looked out the window , but we didn't see anything .
we waited in the movie theater for the film to start .
we were in the living room when we heard the gunshot .
what i'm about to say is strictly between you and me .
when tom stopped for a stop sign , his engine stalled .
when it comes to sweets , i just can't control myself .
which kind of watch do you prefer , digital or analog ?
why didn't you tell me that you wanted to go camping ?
why didn't you try the dress on before you bought it ?
why don't we think about this for another week or so ?
why don't you come over and eat with us this evening ?
would you carry this down to the second floor for me ?
you don't know why tom didn't come yesterday , do you ?
you gave me your word that you would look after them .
you need to set the record straight once and for all .
you never can tell what you might find at that store .
" superman " is showing at the movie theater this month .
a foreign language cannot be mastered in a year or so .
a good case can be made for the legalization of drugs .
a note was attached to the document with a paper clip .
a piece of bread was not enough to satisfy his hunger .
after a slow summer season , business began to pick up .
after six games , sampras had the edge on his opponent .
are you able to buy a ticket after boarding the train ?
are you planning on staying in boston for a long time ?
are you saying you don't want to be a teacher anymore ?
as he gets older , he's getting more and more stubborn .
because of the water shortage , i couldn't take a bath .
blow out all the candles on the birthday cake at once .
do you have any questions about what needs to be done ?
do you think that you can put your idea into practice ?
don't throw away this magazine . i haven't read it yet .
even if it rains , i will start early tomorrow morning .
every time i read this book , i discover something new .
exercise is to the body what thinking is to the brain .
frankly speaking , your way of thinking is out of date .
have you been told the reasons why we didn't hire you ?
he failed to escape from the fire and burned to death .
he has been playing chess since he was in high school .
he moved to a good company that offered a good salary .
he tried to give up smoking several times , but failed .
he went to france to brush up on his speaking ability .
he winced as the nurse pushed the needle into his arm .
how long does it take to your office from the airport ?
i can tell you things you won't hear from anyone else .
i can't conceive how i could have made such a mistake .
i can't remember her address no matter how much i try .
i can't solve this problem . it's too difficult for me .
i can't thank you enough for the help you've given me .
i convinced tom that he should go to boston with mary .
i don't believe half of what i've been told about you .
i don't have a dress good enough for such an occasion .
i don't have time to be bothered by such small things .
i don't think any of us are happy about what happened .
i don't think being poor is anything to be ashamed of .
i don't think that you should worry about it too much .
i had an argument with tom about the use of marijuana .
i hear that even taxi drivers often get lost in tokyo .
i suggest we drink as little as possible to be polite .
i took it for granted that she had received my letter .
i took some creative liberties . i hope you don't mind .
i want to write my girlfriend a love letter in french .
i was about to leave for work when the telephone rang .
i was taken in by his good looks and gracious manners .
i was thrown out of the house with everything i owned .
i'd like to find somebody to take care of my children .
i'd like to rent your most inexpensive car for a week .
i'll buy that old clock no matter how expensive it is .
i'll leave no stone unturned to find out who did this .
i'll understand if you don't want to go there with me .
i'm afraid you'll have to learn to live with the pain .
i'm glad you could come . please make yourself at home .
i'm going off to vancouver next week to see my sister .
i've never seen a more god - forsaken stretch of desert .
if i had known your email address , i would've written .
if you could only speak english , you would be perfect .
if your child drinks poison , rush him to the hospital .
in my city , there is no school for learning esperanto .
it doesn't matter to me whether she comes here or not .
it is hard for the couple to live together any longer .
it would be nice to spend the summer in the mountains .
it's hard to admit to yourself that you are a failure .
it's not every day you get a building named after you .
it's quite difficult to master french in 2 or 3 years .
it's way too crowded in here . let's go somewhere else .
italy has some of the best art galleries in the world .
let's throw it away and start over with a clean slate .
listen carefully and do exactly what i tell you to do .
make sure to turn off all the lights before going out .
mary had a little lamb whose fleece was white as snow .
my father will be back at the beginning of next month .
my whole body was one big bruise after the rugby game .
my wife is throwing a baby shower for her best friend .
no matter how hard he tried , my opinion didn't change .
no matter how hard she tried , she couldn't please him .
no one can force you to do anything against your will .
philosophy is not a thing one can learn in six months .
please be sure to turn off the light before you leave .
please give me some kind of medicine to curb the pain .
please have a seat and wait until your name is called .
please stop talking . i need to concentrate on my game .
she advised him to go abroad while he was still young .
she almost never does what she says she's going to do .
she denied having been asked to go on a business trip .
she gave birth to her first child at twenty years old .
she spent most of her life taking care of poor people .
she stood there even after the train was out of sight .
she tried to persuade him to buy her a pearl necklace .
she turned her face away so he wouldn't see her tears .
she visits him quite often , but never stays very long .
she was further in debt than she was willing to admit .
she watched him continue to fight as hard as he could .
since he was feeling sick , he stayed home from school .
thanks to you , i have problems with my blood pressure .
the us is trying to extradite a drug lord from mexico .
the man standing over there is the owner of the store .
the number of students in this class is limited to 15 .
the sun is beating down and there's no shade in sight .
the tower is three hundred and twenty - one meters high .
the whole nation was sad to hear that their king died .
there is no reason for you to feel inferior to anyone .
they are going to give a party the day after tomorrow .
they did not want to spend much time talking about it .
they knew exactly how much of a risk they'd be taking .
they rented the room on the second floor to a student .
this big sofa is really not suitable for a small room .
this computer is powerful , efficient , and easy to use .
this house is large enough for your family to live in .
this is by far the most interesting of all his novels .
this is the hottest summer we have had in fifty years .
tom called me almost every day while he was in boston .
tom couldn't go to the concert because he had to work .
tom got up from the table and walked into the kitchen .
tom used to spend a lot of time with his grandparents .
we ate lunch together and then we chatted for an hour .
we cut away all the grass and weeds around the church .
we should lay down a few ground rules before we begin .
we've had all kinds of weather over the past few days .
were you able to do everything you wanted to get done ?
what would your mother think if she saw you like this ?
when we borrow money , we must agree on the conditions .
with more education , he would have found a better job .
would it be possible for me to get something to drink ?
you can see from his chin that takes after his father .
you can't just make everyone do what you want them to .
you should know better than to talk back to your boss .
you're not suggesting tom could have done it , are you ?
a good friend will stand by you through thick and thin .
after i finished my homework , i watched baseball on tv .
after his death , his paintings were hung in the museum .
after reading his books i feel i can construct a house .
after the concert , the crowd made for the nearest door .
all horses are animals , but not all animals are horses .
ask only questions that can be answered with yes or no .
do you think the accused is really guilty of the crime ?
do you think you would ever consider going out with me ?
don't forget to mail this letter on your way to school .
everybody in the park looked up at the hot air balloon .
friends help each other . just let me know what's wrong .
from a distance , that stone looks like a person's face .
had she known the results , she would have been shocked .
having a few extra batteries handy is never a bad idea .
he and i have been good friends since we were children .
he kept shifting his weight from one foot to the other .
he read into my words a message that i hadn't intended .
he said that he would be eighteen on his next birthday .
he settled down in his armchair to listen to the music .
he was nearly hit by the car while crossing the street .
he went on reading the book as if nothing had happened .
here is a present for you in token of our appreciation .
here is our answer to your fax message dated april 1st .
how is it that you know so much about japanese history ?
how thoughtful of you to have chilled some wine for us .
i didn't tell tom everything mary asked me to tell him .
i don't think anyone has lived in this house for years .
i gave in to temptation and began to smoke a cigarette .
i got sick of the constant noise of the street traffic .
i have always wanted to go to australia with my family .
i have fond memories of all the time we spent together .
i haven't eaten any meat since i was fifteen years old .
i haven't read his novel , and my brother hasn't either .
i know that it is highly unlikely that anyone knows me .
i never imagined so many people would come to my party .
i once knew a girl that snorted every time she laughed .
i tend to look at the pictures before reading the text .
i think it's safe to assume tom won't be here tomorrow .
i think you'd better take an umbrella in case it rains .
i want to know more about the accident that killed tom .
i'm sorry for my terrible french . i'm still a beginner .
i've already waited two hours . i can't wait any longer .
i've been asked to play my clarinet at a charity event .
i've never told anyone that before , not even my mother .
if he had received her advice , he would have succeeded .
if you listen closely enough you'll be able to hear it .
in 1683 , the turks besieged vienna for the second time .
in the future , many workers will be replaced by robots .
in the year 2012 , there will be flying cars everywhere .
is there anything else you can tell us that might help ?
it could take years before this bridge is ready to use .
it is getting more and more difficult to make a living .
it is your constant efforts that count most in the end .
it sounds as if the government doesn't know what to do .
it'd be better to avoid her now , because she's violent .
it's easier to learn a new language when you are young .
it's not that easy to learn a new language after fifty .
it's unlikely that that movie will make a lot of money .
judging from her appearance , she seems to be very rich .
lake baikal in russia is the deepest lake in the world .
last night my house was robbed while i was still awake .
my father bought this house for us when we got married .
my father encouraged me to learn how to play the piano .
my mother happened to be there when the fire broke out .
my mother likes tulips very much and so does my sister .
nowadays it is not unusual for a woman to travel alone .
of the three boys , the youngest is the most attractive .
only members of the club are entitled to use this room .
only one third of the members turned up at the meeting .
people can easily start loving , but not so easily stop .
recently there have been a lot of protests in the city .
she asked him some questions , but he refused to answer .
she has always done her best to make their life easier .
she looks young , but actually she's older than you are .
she needed some money to buy something to feed her dog .
she put on her sister's jeans and looked in the mirror .
she showed her guests how to eat what she had prepared .
some people are for the plan and others are against it .
sooner or later , i'll probably get tired of doing this .
sorry for not answering your question . i didn't see it .
the ceremony was held in honor of the guest from china .
the child had no overcoat on although it was very cold .
the climate of new zealand is similar to that of japan .
the delivery of the goods was delayed due to the storm .
the friend who i thought would pass the exam failed it .
the kitten lapped up the milk i poured into the saucer .
the more we learn , the better we realize our ignorance .
the police used a battering ram to break down the door .
the results of the experiment were not as we had hoped .
the show was very interesting . you should have seen it .
the sooner you return , the happier your father will be .
the top spun perilously close to the edge of the table .
there is a certain amount of truth in what he's saying .
there must be a way to arrive at a diplomatic solution .
they are talking over a cup of coffee in the cafeteria .
they kidnapped me , drugged me , and then brainwashed me .
think of what you are reading while you are reading it .
this is the first time i've written a letter in german .
this is the most beautiful sight that i have ever seen .
this series will be remembered for a long time to come .
tom certainly wasn't at home when we went to visit him .
tom did his best to avoid making eye contact with mary .
tom didn't know when mary was planning to go to boston .
tom died three weeks ago after being bitten by a cobra .
tom doesn't get along with the man who lives next door .
tom doesn't like the color of the walls in his bedroom .
tom found the hat mary was looking for in the basement .
tom is better at science than anyone else in his class .
tom realized that he wasn't as smart as the other kids .
tom's family showed a video of his life at his funeral .
we are looking forward to your visit to our new office .
we haven't had a price increase in the last five years .
we need to figure out what works and what doesn't work .
what are some of the most popular foods eaten in spain ?
when summer is over , the days grow shorter and shorter .
whether he wrote it or not will always remain a secret .
who's the person sitting at the other end of the table ?
yesterday , i ran into my teacher at the amusement park .
you can see how much difference a few degrees can make .
you can't just barge in here whenever you feel like it .
you may as well leave such a decision to your daughter .
you should really lay off that . it'll ruin your health .
you're more beautiful now than the day i first met you .
you've made no allowance for the fact that he is young .
a capital letter is used at the beginning of a sentence .
a good yoga session can limber you up like nothing else .
a journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step .
a slip of the tongue is sometimes fatal to a politician .
according to the paper , there was an earthquake in peru .
aliens are often depicted with dark , almond - shaped eyes .
all things considered , my father's life was a happy one .
any apartment will do as long as the rent is reasonable .
any teacher that can be replaced by a machine should be .
children need many things , but above all they need love .
clean out the shed and throw away things you don't need .
could you lower your voice please ? i'm really hung over .
could you please tell me what your cell phone number is ?
did you see the sunset earlier ? it was really beautiful .
didn't you know that he passed away about two years ago ?
do you have any idea how important your test grades are ?
every morning she gets up early because she has to cook .
everybody was disguised , so i couldn't tell who was who .
few people are on a first name basis with the president .
for the time being , he's staying at a neighboring hotel .
generally speaking , a woman will live longer than a man .
have you finished reading the book i lent you last week ?
he always plans a thing out carefully before he does it .
he doesn't just speak french , he speaks spanish as well .
he doesn't want to admit that he has a drinking problem .
he often accuses her of never listening to what he says .
he tried to put the fragments of a broken vase together .
he visited his hometown for the first time in ten years .
he was suspended from school for a week for bad conduct .
he went out of the room without being noticed by anyone .
he will be having dinner with her at this time tomorrow .
how about having a drink after we finish our work today ?
how many kinds of vegetables do you grow in your garden ?
how many people do you think die from cancer every year ?
i am sorry to cancel the appointment at the last minute .
i didn't realize my wallet was missing until i got home .
i don't think tom realized just how much mary loved him .
i feel like everyone is talking about me behind my back .
i feel like going out rather than staying at home today .
i finally found time to sit down and read the newspaper .
i found a french - hebrew dictionary at a small bookstore .
i had my doubts about whether that was the right choice .
i have no interest in putting my money into your dreams .
i have not eaten any seafood since the recent oil spill .
i haven't yet made amends with all the people i've hurt .
i heard that a paralyzed man was eaten alive by maggots .
i made an appointment to see the doctor at four o'clock .
i received an invitation from him , but didn't accept it .
i suggest that you don't say anything about this to tom .
i think i like eating white rice better than brown rice .
i was just about to go out shopping when you telephoned .
industry as we know it today didn't exist in those days .
is there someplace around here that can fix a flat tire ?
it struck me that the girl was trying to hide something .
it was because of the storm that the trains were halted .
it was clear that she was not concerned with the matter .
it was impossible for the boy to swim across that river .
it was one of the most rewarding experiences of my life .
it was yesterday that i saw him walking down the street .
it wasn't possible for the boy to swim across the river .
it wasn't until i heard him speak that i recognized him .
it will not be long before he recovers from his illness .
let's hope tom doesn't try to do that without some help .
may i begin by thanking every one for your warm welcome ?
more than half of the residents are opposed to the plan .
my father is very much involved in the stock market now .
my mother has a driver's license , but she doesn't drive .
my son isn't the only one who enjoys eating her cooking .
now that you know the truth , perhaps you'll feel better .
one's point of view depends on the point where one sits .
people ask you for criticism , but they only want praise .
preserves must be stored in a jar with an airtight seal .
quite a few shingles flew off the roof during the storm .
several yachts were sailing side by side far out at sea .
she advised him to catch the first train in the morning .
she forgot that she had promised to call him last night .
she found the ring that she had lost during the journey .
she ran across her old friend while walking in the park .
since there were no customers , we closed the shop early .
since when do you have a problem with the death penalty ?
that bridge across this river is the oldest in the town .
the american civil war is the central theme of the book .
the cat fell asleep curled up in front of the fireplace .
the fact that i lost my temper made matters still worse .
the hypnotist was able to put his subject into a trance .
the more stubborn you are , the more isolated you become .
the only thing that matters is that we are all together .
the pain of having lost his family drove him to suicide .
the party is to be held next sunday , weather permitting .
the police found no signs of foul play in the apartment .
the poor people were at the mercy of the cruel dictator .
the population of shanghai is as large as that of tokyo .
the prisoner who escaped two days ago is still at large .
the receptionist forced me to sign my name on the paper .
the students were for the most part from the west coast .
the teacher omitted the exercise on page 21 of the book .
the two politicians met face to face for the first time .
there are too many people here . let's go somewhere else .
there is a rotating restaurant at the top of this tower .
there is an urgent need for them to update their system .
these houses were burnt down to the ground by the enemy .
they are saving their money for the purchase of a house .
this is by far the best seafood restaurant in this area .
this is where i brought my girlfriend on our first date .
this movie is not anything like as exciting as that one .
tom asked mary what she had bought at the jewelry store .
tom attempted to persuade mary to go to church with him .
tom certainly gets a nice sound out of that old bassoon .
tom died trying to save a child from a burning building .
tom doesn't know why mary doesn't want him at her party .
tom remembered that mary and john had tried to kill him .
tom waited outside in the pouring rain for over an hour .
tom's book about his life with mary sold like hot cakes .
tom's dog left muddy paw prints all over his new carpet .
we all chipped in to buy our teacher a birthday present .
we all live within a five minutes' walk from each other .
we'll have a better chance of surviving if we stay calm .
while she was staying in japan , she often visited kyoto .
without a dictionary , it would be hard to study english .
you can take part in the meeting regardless of your age .
you may take photos outside this museum , but not inside .
you should apologize to her for having been rude to her .
you'd better not drink too much coffee so late at night .
a bust of aristotle stands on a pedestal in the entryway .
a lot of wild animals died because there wasn't any food .
a month has passed and the work has made little progress .
all her carefully made plans began to unravel one by one .
all of us were excited with the result of the experiment .
and now you wish perhaps to learn on less familiar traps ?
children want to hear the same story over and over again .
did you see the sunrise earlier ? it was really beautiful .
didn't it ever occur to them that they would be punished ?
do you think students are given enough time to eat lunch ?
each taxpayer has the right to know where his money goes .
every school kid has played hooky at one time or another .
finally she gave in to temptation and ate the whole cake .
he is studying hard so that he can pass the examinations .
he is the only american to have swum the english channel .
he sings so well that it's impossible to hold back tears .
he spoke in a broken english that was hard to understand .
he was late to the appointment due to a traffic accident .
he's a widower with three small children to take care of .
her diaries formed the basis of the book she later wrote .
her job was to see the children safely across the street .
honesty is one of the most beautiful things in the world .
i can't believe you're going to give away all your money .
i felt relieved when all the troubles were taken care of .
i have a classmate who says he can speak french fluently .
i heard that you became the manager of the sydney branch .
i hope you've got some proof to back up your allegations .
i need to find somebody who can babysit on friday nights .
i still believe the internet is not a place for children .
i think it's dangerous for children to swim in this lake .
i think that it's dangerous to go walking alone at night .
i think we should use our time a bit more constructively .
i was afraid i wouldn't have the pleasure of meeting you .
i wish there were a more modern translation of this book .
i wouldn't want you to get the wrong impression about me .
i'll take over your duties while you are away from japan .
i'm meeting tom for lunch at a restaurant on park street .
i'm not a university student , but i'm brighter than them .
in any decision one makes there is a weighing of options .
it is often said that nothing is more precious than time .
it took courage to sail across the pacific single - handed .
it's been a long time since i've done anything like that .
it's been a long time since i've written anyone a letter .
just looking at a picture of food makes me feel nauseous .
justice will be served , whether here or in the hereafter .
large catches of squid are a sign of a coming earthquake .
let's get together the next time you come back to boston .
my dress was ruined when it came back from the cleaner's .
my friends dropped by to see me the day before yesterday .
my savings are so small that they won't last much longer .
please drop in when you happen to be in the neighborhood .
please excuse me for calling you so early in the morning .
she advised him to tell his girlfriend that he loved her .
she has been looking after her sick sister for ten years .
she introduced her sister to him more than two years ago .
thanks very much for having me to dinner the other night .
that was the most interesting film that we had ever seen .
the french team scored as many goals as the english team .
the chances are slim to none that you'll win the lottery .
the crowd got out of control and broke through the fence .
the date of the festival coincides with that of the exam .
the day will surely come when your dreams will come true .
the hinges are really squeaky . could you oil them please ?
the lawyer's job is to prove that her client is innocent .
the more you study , the more you discover your ignorance .
the new road will benefit the people living in the hills .
the old man wanders from town to town peddling his wares .
the parking lot in front of the bank was completely full .
the population of new york is smaller than that of tokyo .
the teacher suggested that we go to the library to study .
the two runners reached the finish line at the same time .
there is no need to worry about shortages for the moment .
they slept in the car because they couldn't find a hotel .
this book has a number of mistakes , but it's interesting .
this problem is not so difficult that you can't solve it .
thousands of people went to the beach to see the dolphin .
tom didn't know that mary's house was so close to john's .
tom is convinced that his mother doesn't want to eat now .
tom tiptoed into the bedroom to avoid waking up his wife .
tom told me that he doesn't have any brothers or sisters .
tom was asked to be best man at mary's brother's wedding .
tom was determined to finish the job before he went home .
we could meet downtown . would that be convenient for you ?
we hope to finish planting the field before the sun sets .
we listened carefully in order not to miss a single word .
we often hear it said that the japanese are good workers .
what a shame to just endure life rather than enjoying it .
what difference does it make if people are looking at us ?
which language do you use when you speak to your parents ?
while traveling in europe , i was pickpocketed on a train .
while we're waiting , why don't you tell me what happened ?
would it be ethical to sacrifice one person to save many ?
you catch more flies with honey than you do with vinegar .
you don't have to make a different dish for every person .
you don't need to worry about that kind of thing anymore .
you have changed so much that i can hardly recognize you .
you just made me miss the perfect shot when you hollered .
you must be more careful to avoid making a gross mistake .
you never get a second chance to make a first impression .
you've both been very impressive today . i'm proud of you .
a bird can glide through the air without moving its wings .
a little walk will give you a good appetite for breakfast .
a monument has been erected to the memory of the deceased .
a very large number of tourists visit kyoto in the spring .
are you still asking yourself what the meaning of life is ?
caesar leaves gaul , crosses the rubicon , and enters italy .
democracy is an idea that goes back to the ancient greeks .
did you have a lot of happy experiences in your childhood ?
does he still have that book he borrowed from the library ?
don't forget the fact that smoking is bad for your health .
first of all , i'm very worried about my daughter's health .
france is running a welfare state it can no longer afford .
have you told everyone when and where the meeting will be ?
he failed in the attempt to sail across the pacific ocean .
he fell into a deep depression and decided to off himself .
he knows other and easier ways of getting what he desires .
he speaks english as fluently as any student in his class .
he was driving at over 120 kph when the accident happened .
he's racking his brains about how to deal with the matter .
his neighbor will care for the children while she is away .
how many audiobooks do you have on your mobile mp3 player ?
i bought a scarf for my grandfather for his 88th birthday .
i brought a jacket because it was quite cool this morning .
i especially want to thank our record - breaking sales team .
i gathered together my things and put them in my suitcase .
i knew things about tom that even his parents didn't know .
i searched for the meaning of this word in the dictionary .
i would very much appreciate receiving a copy of the book .
i'd gladly pay more for something if it's of high quality .
i'd like this meeting to last no more than twenty minutes .
i'd like to apologize for the way i handled the situation .
if i'd only taken the time to read the instruction manual !
in all likelihood , the president will serve a second term .
instead of taking notes , i spent the whole class doodling .
it goes without saying that honesty is the key to success .
it goes without saying that smoking is bad for the health .
it was in the 1920s that a big earthquake destroyed tokyo .
it's no good making the same old products year after year .
italo calvino returned to italy when he was still a child .
japan declared war on the united states in december , 1941 .
japan is one of the greatest economic powers in the world .
last week's meeting was the longest we have had this year .
maybe we can find someplace to park further up the street .
my german vocabulary list is up to two thousand words now .
my driving instructor says that i need to be more patient .
my father has lived in nagoya for more than fifteen years .
my neighbor's son made fun of my daughter today at school .
no one knows when such a custom first came into existence .
nothing has been heard from him since he left for america .
nothing in the world is stronger than the will to survive .
only 16 percent of the teachers of this school are female .
our teacher tried to use a new method of teaching english .
people say that japan is the richest country in the world .
please remember to turn off the light before going to bed .
she showed up at the party looking like a million dollars .
she took over the business after the death of her husband .
some of his students admired him , and others despised him .
some people like red wine and some people like white wine .
someone has ripped out the first three pages of this book .
the captain was the last person to leave the sinking ship .
the couple spent a lot of money on furnishing their house .
the doctor told me to inhale and exhale slowly and deeply .
the doctor wouldn't allow me to take part in the marathon .
the judge handed down a sentence of five years hard labor .
the man injured in the accident was taken to the hospital .
the math homework proved to be easier than i had expected .
the new highway shaves almost an hour off my commute time .
the number of students in the class is limited to fifteen .
the oldest movie theater in town is being pulled down now .
the results for the english exam this time were very good .
there are many countries in europe that i'd like to visit .
they say that a family that eats together , stays together .
this software package has a suggested retail price of $ 99 .
tom asked a few questions that mary didn't want to answer .
tom couldn't find the words to express how he was feeling .
tom isn't the type of person who learns from his mistakes .
tom wasn't able to find a babysitter on such short notice .
we have to do something to stop this from happening again .
we're going to invite tom and mary to our halloween party .
what are some foods you can eat to lower your cholesterol ?
with the weather getting worse , the departure was put off .
you can expect to receive a little something from us soon .
you shouldn't depend too much on other people to help you .
you'll be able to take many pictures with your new camera .
you're the most beautiful woman i've ever held in my arms .
adobe and apple both have top - notch video editing programs .
all these books will be worth their weight in gold someday .
although they are twins , they have few interests in common .
because of you , i'm having problems with my blood pressure .
can you remember the first time you ate at this restaurant ?
compare the two carefully , and you will see the difference .
do you think our climate has an influence on our character ?
having a small flashlight in your pocket may come in handy .
he amassed a fortune in stock trading during the last boom .
he deliberately ignored me when i passed him in the street .
he peddled his " miracle cure " to desperate cancer patients .
he takes the attitude that resistance is a waste of energy .
he took advantage of the good weather to do some gardening .
he works for a big newspaper with a very large circulation .
his chances for making a great deal of money are excellent .
how much time does the average teenager watch tv every day ?
humans are the only living creatures that make use of fire .
i can't believe your parents let you come here by yourself .
i caught my son making prank calls to random phone numbers .
i had great difficulty in finding my ticket at the station .
i hate the sound that cellophane makes when you crinkle it .
i have been wearing this overcoat for more than five years .
i haven't eaten anything except one slice of bread all day .
i liked walking alone on the deserted beach in the evening .
i never thought he was capable of doing something so cruel .
i promise you i'll stay with you until your father arrives .
i wonder if you have ever considered going to a specialist .
i'd rather clean my room than spend time doing my homework .
i'd rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints .
i'm a deeply religious man and believe in life after death .
i'm the type who likes to think things over very carefully .
i've got to take my library books back before january 25th .
it goes without saying that smoking is bad for your health .
it is utterly impossible to finish the work within a month .
it makes no difference whether the train is delayed or not .
japanese is often said to be a difficult language to learn .
last night someone broke into the small shop near my house .
my sister has been studying in her room since this morning .
my wife harbors a deep - seated resentment toward her father .
no less than three hundred dollars was needed for the work .
nobody having anything more to say , the meeting was closed .
one hour of sleep before midnight is worth two hours after .
our mother had no choice but to make dinner with leftovers .
our new method of doing that is quicker and more efficient .
she could hardly keep from laughing when she saw the dress .
she gave considerable thought to what to do with the money .
she practices the piano in the afternoon or in the evening .
she turned off the lights so she could enjoy the moonlight .
spend your time wisely and you'll always have enough of it .
the boy who had been missing was identified by his clothes .
the crew is busy preparing for the voyage into outer space .
the doctor informed his patient of the name of his disease .
the explosion was so powerful that the roof was blown away .
the instant he opened the door , he smelt something burning .
the latest issue of the magazine will come out next monday .
the plane had already taken off when i reached the airport .
the police took some pictures of the scene of the accident .
the population of japan is larger than that of new zealand .
the priest blessed the congregation at the end of the mass .
the quality of their products has gone down over the years .
the rain stopped us from being able to play tennis outside .
they should go , regardless of whether they're men or women .
they wanted a wedding picture in front of the eiffel tower .
this is the house which was designed by a famous architect .
tom can't carry all those suitcases so you should help him .
tom doesn't want to get married until he's in his thirties .
tom found it fairly easy to follow mary without being seen .
tom likes to listen to music while he's doing his homework .
tom was heartbroken when mary told him she was leaving him .
using a flashlight , the policeman signaled the car to stop .
we bought our new neighbors a clock as a housewarming gift .
we'll do whatever it takes to complete the project on time .
will you please explain the meaning of this sentence to me ?
you must remove your shoes when you enter a japanese house .
you sure ruffled her feathers with that anti - feminist joke .
a group of young men are playing handball in the playground .
a new model isn't necessarily any better than the older one .
a time bomb went off in the airport killing thirteen people .
all taxpayers have the right to know where their money goes .
did you hear that a burglar broke into the neighbor's house ?
do you know how many people died in yesterday's plane crash ?
don't let me ever catch you doing something like that again .
dr . yukawa played an important part in the scientific study .
each one of the world's great successes was a failure first .
everyone in the room checked their watches at the same time .
have you thought about what we talked about the other night ?
having failed twice yesterday , he doesn't want to try again .
he asked me questions similar to those asked by many others .
he finished his dinner because he didn't like to waste food .
he gave a series of lectures on japanese literature at ucla .
he had just finished his homework when the clock struck ten .
he met many fascinating people in the course of his travels .
he ordered the book from the publisher in the united states .
he took charge of the family business after his father died .
how could you just walk out the door without saying goodbye ?
i checked twice to make certain we hadn't made any mistakes .
i copied in my notebook whatever he wrote on the blackboard .
i couldn't help but feel disappointed when i heard the news .
i didn't have enough time to eat everything that was served .
i had never seen a windmill until i visited the netherlands .
i hadn't planned to tell you about what happened last night .
i must confess that my theory doesn't account for that fact .
i spent two hours yesterday trying to fix that broken radio .
i think this is the most impressive building on park street .
i would like to exchange this dress that i bought yesterday .
i would like to exchange this shirt that i bought yesterday .
i'd rather live in peaceful poverty than in wealth and fear .
i'm going to take my vacation in september rather than july .
i've just arrived . i haven't even unpacked my suitcases yet .
in 1860 , lincoln was elected president of the united states .
it is interesting to hear from someone in a different field .
it is strange that you should know nothing about the matter .
it seems that our sense of direction is not always reliable .
it was determined that the plane crashed due to pilot error .
it was once thought that there was intelligent life on mars .
it was only yesterday that i realized what she really meant .
it's hard to predict what the weather will be like tomorrow .
it's not hard to stand out when you're surrounded by idiots .
it's wrong to deceive people , but worse to deceive yourself .
just because he likes painting doesn't mean he's good at it .
lawyers and auto mechanics are the people i trust the least .
looking at your facebook friends' photos is a waste of time .
los angeles is the second largest city in the united states .
mary promised her mother that she would help her more often .
mary's closets are full of clothes she hasn't worn in years .
nothing is more pleasant than taking a rest after hard work .
please remain seated until the bus comes to a complete stop .
she can tell the most outrageous lie without batting an eye .
she still loves him even though he doesn't love her anymore .
some countries in europe are not part of the european union .
sometimes i wonder whether or not i made the right decision .
taking advantage of the holidays , i returned home to nagoya .
the cat burglar must have entered the mansion from the roof .
the delay forced us to stay overnight in an expensive hotel .
the first thing you have to take into consideration is time .
the schedule dictates that this work be done by the weekend .
the suspect was hiding out in the mountains for three weeks .
the tunnel caved in because of the earthquake the other day .
there's no danger of this lamp setting fire to the curtains .
they asked his older brother to help them do their homework .
tom decided that it wasn't necessary to pay that bill today .
tom doesn't know the difference between a mule and a donkey .
tom fell asleep while he was driving and caused an accident .
tom played the piano for three hours without taking a break .
tom was looking for place to eat that had reasonable prices .
we need to get this truck unloaded before it starts raining .
what makes you think that tom prefers living in the country ?
with your experience , any company would hire you right away .
without your encouragement , i would have given up this plan .
you can't fight a good fight with such a defeatist attitude .
you must have women throwing themselves at you all the time .
you should try to form the habit of using your dictionaries .
you'll make the same mistake if things continue in this way .
according to the weather forecast , it will clear up tomorrow .
an electric guitar doesn't sound the same as an acoustic one .
can you please tell me where the nearest public telephone is ?
didn't you tell me yesterday that you wouldn't be late today ?
do you believe global warming is the result of human actions ?
education does not consist simply in learning a lot of facts .
have you had a thorough medical checkup within the last year ?
have you heard that a burglar broke into my neighbor's house ?
he is working hard in order to pass the entrance examination .
how many students have been admitted to the school this year ?
i had a nagging sensation that i'd seen him somewhere before .
i'm extremely embarrassed that it has taken so long to reply .
in 1978 a peace treaty was concluded between japan and china .
in retrospect , i probably shouldn't have gone there with her .
is it true that boston is a popular destination for tourists ?
it's difficult to help people who can't admit they need help .
it's not a secret that tom's opinion is different than yours .
japanese houses are built of wood and they catch fire easily .
many americans still had money they had saved during the war .
many students go to europe for the purpose of studying music .
mary felt happy when she learned the results of the election .
mary looks like her mother , but her personality is different .
most of us are much more interesting than the world suspects .
my grandfather on my mother's side passed away ten years ago .
not a day seems to pass without newspapers reporting the war .
our mountains aren't really very high . yours are much bigger .
scientists are fighting to stem the spread of the aids virus .
she looked for her children , but couldn't find them anywhere .
she speaks hebrew with her mother and polish with her father .
some people look down on others because they have less money .
steel production will increase 2 % this month from last month .
the british people turned to a new leader , winston churchill .
the boy was absent from school yesterday because he was sick .
the farmer caught the boy stealing the apples in his orchard .
the lovers fell into each other's arms every chance they got .
the mystery surrounding his death was played up by the media .
the police dog found trace amounts of cocaine in his luggage .
the president is expected to put forward a new energy policy .
the readers cannot ascertain whether the news is true or not .
the results of a lie detector test are inadmissible in court .
the rights of the individual are important in a free society .
the severely injured man was dead on arrival at the hospital .
the teacher has given tom permission to do whatever he wants .
the war has taken a terrible toll on the civilian population .
there was a traffic accident in front of the house yesterday .
they built their empire in peru about five hundred years ago .
they said there was not enough time for a full investigation .
this airplane is capable of carrying 40 passengers at a time .
tom didn't really feel like going out drinking with the guys .
tom wants desperately to believe that what mary said is true .
tom wasn't stupid enough to tell mary what he really thought .
we associate the name of darwin with the theory of evolution .
written in easy english , this book is suitable for beginners .
you can't imagine what my life's been like since you've left .
you can't just come in here and start ordering people around .
you should make sure of the facts before you write something .
you shouldn't always do what everyone else seems to be doing .
a gps device can pinpoint your location anywhere in the world .
a doctor tried to remove the bullet from the president's head .
among the guests invited to the party were two foreign ladies .
could you please tell me again what school you graduated from ?
how much time do you actually spend thinking about the future ?
i have not yet collected sufficient materials to write a book .
i regret to inform you that your application has been refused .
i should have tried out this electric shaver before buying it .
i sincerely hope that you will soon recover from your illness .
in our society , there are both honorable people and swindlers .
islam first reached china about the middle of the 7th century .
it was not until yesterday that we noticed the animal missing .
just as the americans like baseball , the british like cricket .
most car accidents occur due to the inattention of the driver .
music and art can greatly contribute to the enjoyment of life .
relationships built on money will end when the money runs out .
remote forest clearings turn out to be great places for raves .
she greets him every morning as he enters the school building .
she looked puzzled at the abrupt question posed by a reporter .
the beatles set the world on fire with their incredible music .
the cia runs a thorough background check on all new employees .
the cows were moving very slowly through the long green grass .
the falling of the berlin wall was truly a momentous occasion .
the poor talker sometimes surprises us by being a good writer .
the show's about a new jersey mob boss who's in psychotherapy .
the wizard waved his magic wand and disappeared into thin air .
the world population grows by close to eight million per year .
their financial problems began in the second half of the year .
there's been a lot of activity around the office this morning .
these days , the motives for marriage are not necessarily pure .
they accused the president of not caring about the common man .
they began to import liquor illegally to sell for high prices .
they helped one another to make the school festival a success .
they knew they must fight together to defeat the common enemy .
they say they cannot compete with low - priced foreign products .
this medicine must not be placed within the reach of children .
tom always yells at mary every time she does something stupid .
tom has been living in boston since he graduated from college .
tom says he doesn't know where mary bought her pearl necklace .
tom seems to be unable to interact normally with other people .
walking from the station to the house takes only five minutes .
we have less than five minutes to evacuate the whole building .
we probably don't have enough time to finish doing that today .
what you make is small potatoes compared to the boss's salary .
you should find a more constructive way of venting your anger .
you shouldn't say that kind of thing when children are around .
a company that stifles innovation can't hope to grow very much .
a recent survey shows that the number of smokers is decreasing .
all the words underlined in red should be checked for spelling .
at 10 o'clock yesterday , there were hundreds of people outside .
can you tell the difference between an american and a canadian ?
carbon dating was performed on the sample to determine its age .
he is considered one of the greatest scientists in our country .
he still hasn't returned the book he borrowed from the library .
i ate something earlier this evening that didn't agree with me .
i don't know whether i'll be able to attend tomorrow's meeting .
i hope they don't resort to violence to accomplish their goals .
i spent the whole evening reading the poetry of kenji miyazawa .
in legal documents , difficult words and phrases are often used .
it doesn't work so well because the batteries are running down .
it's difficult to help people who don't believe they need help .
just because something is possible doesn't make it a good idea .
many animals that lived thousands of years ago are now extinct .
maybe you should turn off the television and do something else .
my tight wad husband took me to mcdonald's for our anniversary .
she altered her old clothes to make them look more fashionable .
the automobile industry is one of the main industries in japan .
the box was crushed during transport and the contents flew out .
the city center should be closed to all but pedestrian traffic .
the employees were intrigued by the odd behavior of their boss .
the police have made hundreds of drug busts across the country .
the talisman he's wearing is supposed to ward off evil spirits .
the warrior is conscious of both his strength and his weakness .
to have doubts about oneself is the first sign of intelligence .
tom almost always falls asleep at night hugging his teddy bear .
tom didn't know where mary wanted to spend her summer vacation .
tom doesn't know where mary wants to spend her summer vacation .
we should keep this information under wraps for the time being .
a picture of the fugitive was plastered all over the newspapers .
a very unfortunate case came to our attention several years ago .
a watered down compromise resolution is better than none at all .
all the english teachers at my son's school are native speakers .
children depend on their parents for food , clothing and shelter .
do you know the difference between a microscope and a telescope ?
do you think parents should punish their children when they lie ?
does the applicant have suitable abilities to carry out the job ?
everywhere you look you can see damage caused by the earthquake .
from an objective viewpoint , his argument was far from rational .
given only thirty minutes , we couldn't answer all the questions .
he was paroled after having served eleven years of his sentence .
i think everyone looks back on their childhood with some regret .
it's difficult to teach people what they are unwilling to learn .
many people think that children spend too much time watching tv .
my son's short attention span is causing him problems at school .
one store decided to pull the controversial cd from its shelves .
she has the habit of clearing her throat whenever she's nervous .
she sorted the washing before putting it in the washing machine .
she's making money hand over fist with the business she started .
some people believe they can become rich without having to work .
sometimes it's hard to resist the impulse to burst out laughing .
the bomb was defused just minutes before it would have exploded .
the bridge between denmark and sweden is almost five miles long .
the conflict between blacks and whites in the city became worse .
the earthquake was the biggest one that we had ever experienced .
the high court decided to try the fugitive warlord in abstentia .
the job applicant did not meet the expectations of the employer .
the kindergarten children were walking hand in hand in the park .
there's something about him that just doesn't sit right with me .
this book is for students whose native language is not japanese .
tom has already finished the book he started reading last night .
tom has decided to have the surgery that his doctor recommended .
we associate the name of einstein with the theory of relativity .
yesterday my bicycle was stolen while i was doing some shopping .
you have to acquire real skills , not just superficial knowledge .
british and japanese cars have steering wheels on the right side .
can you imagine what our lives would be like without electricity ?
car production in that year reached a record 10 million vehicles .
electric power companies are seeking to reduce their use of coal .
furthermore , i still don't think this a huge cultural difference .
how will we feed everyone if the world's population keeps rising ?
i don't get very many opportunities to talk with native speakers .
i just remembered something i have to do before tomorrow morning .
i'm pretty hungry since i haven't eaten since early this morning .
in swimming pools , water is continuously pumped through a filter .
many firms are competing for the wealthier segment of the market .
oil has played an important part in the progress of civilization .
reducing the budget deficit is a major concern of the government .
science has discovered that there are five types of human beings .
the blockade by britain and the other allies was very successful .
the government was obliged to make changes in its foreign policy .
the investment advice we used to give just doesn't apply anymore .
the thief cut the telephone lines before breaking into the house .
the treasure is believed to lie hidden somewhere in the mountain .
they attributed his bad manners to lack of training in childhood .
tom accidentally shot himself in the foot while cleaning his gun .
why are you worrying about something that doesn't matter so much ?
you can download audio files by native speakers from our website .
an understanding of people is the greatest weapon you can possess .
cotton mittens will prevent the baby from scratching his own face .
flags of the world fly proudly at the united nations headquarters .
fortunately , common sense prevailed and the strike was called off .
gas cookers consume half the amount of energy as electric cookers .
he blamed his teacher for his failure in the entrance examination .
he hasn't been doing anything since he graduated from high school .
it goes without saying that nothing is more important than health .
just because he likes painting doesn't mean he's good at painting .
many children learn to use a computer even before entering school .
no one has come forward to claim responsibility for what happened .
steel production is estimated to reach 100 million tons this year .
the contestants are gearing up for the final round of competition .
the new birth policy is aimed at achieving zero population growth .
there are wavelengths of light that the human eye cannot perceive .
they hung streamers from the ceiling in preparation for the party .
yesterday i stumbled across a copy of my father's family register .
you've worked hard for months and have certainly earned a holiday .
a bookstore in that location wouldn't make enough money to survive .
are you seriously thinking about buying a computer from that store ?
are you seriously thinking about getting married again at your age ?
considering what time it was , the supermarket was relatively empty .
does this sentence sound like something a native speaker would say ?
he went to america for the purpose of studying american literature .
it was through his influence that she became interested in ecology .
it's very hard to play vivaldi's bassoon concerto on the saxophone .
many foreigners come to japan for the purpose of studying japanese .
more and more people are falling behind in their mortgage payments .
my brother just received tenure at the university where he teaches .
nobody contributed to the understanding of dreams as much as freud .
people have eaten with their fingers from the beginning of history .
please stick around after the concert . we'll be signing autographs .
switzerland is situated between france , italy , austria and germany .
the astronaut had to conduct many experiments in the space shuttle .
the bullet penetrated his chest , leaving him in critical condition .
the flowers are beginning to grow and everything is becoming green .
the government compensated the farmers for the damage to the crops .
this problem is too difficult for primary school children to solve .
tom plays the baritone saxophone and mary plays the alto saxophone .
you can see that the architect paid scrupulous attention to detail .
your drinking is starting to affect the performance of your duties .
americans like football in the same way that japanese like baseball .
he had this stupid habit of slouching against any available surface .
mary invested in the stock because the financial advisor fooled her .
our ancestors developed massive jaws as a result of constant combat .
the military engaged the enemy five kilometers south of the capital .
the policy of the government was criticized by the opposition party .
the talk was peppered with scientific jargon that no one understood .
tom can't tell the difference between expensive wine and cheap wine .
tom doesn't understand mary's reluctance to go out with his brother .
his intelligence and experience enabled him to deal with the trouble .
introducing foreign plants , such as palm trees can damage ecosystems .
most public places are simply not geared to people with disabilities .
the rescuers searched the surroundings in hopes of finding the child .
tom and his friends sat around the campfire and roasted marshmallows .
we can't just cut people's salaries without giving them some warning .
according to the weather forecast , the typhoon is approaching okinawa .
additional imports of american beef are planned to meet rising demand .
company attorneys are working around the clock to complete the merger .
during warm weather , sweating helps man regulate his body temperature .
i like the terminator films because the special effects are fantastic .
i've something interesting to tell you that you might find surprising .
introducing democratic ideas into that country will be a slow process .
japan has undergone a drastic change as a result of industrialization .
the programmer is fixing a technical problem with the computer server .
alcohol consumption is higher in eastern europe than in western europe .
would you please reserve a room near the toronto international airport ?
can you tell us about your experience in developing technical materials ?
fear of failure prevents many people from reaching their full potential .
many people think that children don't spend enough time playing outside .
the chairperson has been associated with the organization for ten years .
there are still many cultural differences between east and west germany .
you shouldn't share too much private information on the social networks .
a considerable amount of money was appropriated for the national defense .
doctors should keep abreast with all the latest developments in medicine .
it is essential that every child have the same educational opportunities .
please send any complaints or suggestions to the following email address .
there's a general sense that something should be done about unemployment .
tom certainly hadn't done anything that deserved that kind of punishment .
tom's grandfather and mary's grandfather fought together in world war ii .
the urban population in most developing countries is increasing very fast .
the weather report said that there will be thunderstorms tomorrow evening .
we cannot offer a further price reduction under the current circumstances .
encryption technology has advanced to the point where it's pretty reliable .
the prime minister's speech was calculated to anger the opposition parties .
the district attorney is unwilling to proceed due to insufficient evidence .
the investigation concluded that the police officer had done nothing wrong .
scientists are debating his theory about the disappearance of the dinosaurs .
other scientists are debating his theory about the disappearance of dinosaurs .
some parents complained about the nude pictures in their children's textbooks .
many people don't know that antibiotics are ineffective against viral diseases .
ceo's of american corporations are paid several times their japanese counterparts .
amnesty international often organizes public protests in support of political prisoners .
to reduce misunderstandings we should learn the techniques for communicating successfully .
" who is it ? " " it's me . "
i need some get - up - and - go .
" who helped you ? " " tom did . "
high tide is at 3 p . m . today .
i need to be at work by 7 : 30 .
i have been to the u . s . twice .
" yes , i was , " said the student .
my pen is old . i want a new one .
the loss amounted to $ 2 , 000 , 000 .
" fast " is the opposite of " slow . "
he is , indeed , a man of his word .
he usually goes to work at 8 a . m .
i have a coat , but i have no hat .
i have a first - aid kit in my car .
if i were you , i would not do it .
when i was your age , i had a job .
as far as i know , he's a nice guy .
as soon as he saw me , he ran away .
he was sick , so he did not go out .
i can't go now . i have work to do .
i like this coat . may i try it on ?
i'm not rich , nor do i wish to be .
it is a lot of fun to drive a car .
look , i want you to do me a favor .
she may be a nurse . i am not sure .
so , what is it you want me to say ?
the job must be finished by 3 p . m .
all i want you to do is talk to us .
at your age , i would think so , too .
i am lost . can you help me , please ?
i want to do my job the best i can .
i want you to love me for who i am .
if i don't do it now , i never will .
if i had wings , i would fly to you .
it may be that he is not a bad man .
it was hot , so i turned on the fan .
let me have a look at it , will you ?
she was at a loss as to what to do .
tom is tall , but not as tall as me .
as far as i know , he is not married .
as long as we live , we have to work .
as soon as the bell rang , we got up .
can you wake me up at 7 : 00 tomorrow ?
don't give it to him . give it to me .
he cried as if he were a boy of six .
he is not the shy boy he used to be .
he went so far as to call me a liar .
i aim to be a doctor when i grow up .
i can do it if you give me a chance .
i can hear you , but i can't see you .
i caught a cold , and i have a fever .
i have a lot of bills i have to pay .
i hope i can be of some help to you .
i want to be a pilot when i grow up .
i want to do this as much as you do .
i want to go back to the way it was .
if i don't do it , it won't get done .
if i told you , i'd have to kill you .
if you could do it , would you do it ?
if you don't want me to go , i won't .
if you ever need a job , come see me .
it is kind of you to give me a ride .
it's all over for me . i lost my job .
our plane took off exactly at 6 p . m .
tell me what to do and i will do it .
the store was not a big one , was it ?
we didn't want to go , but we had to .
you don't have a lot to say , do you ?
you don't think i can do it , do you ?
an old man sat next to me on the bus .
as the proverb says , " time is money . "
d . h . lawrence is a novelist and poet .
do i have to dial the area code , too ?
do you want me to spy on tom for you ?
he is not the man that he used to be .
his house is at the foot of mt . fuji .
i asked her to go to a movie with me .
i can't talk right now . i need to go .
i did say that , but i didn't mean it .
i feel very sick . i want to throw up .
i felt it was necessary , so i did it .
i kept the $ 20 i found in the street .
i know him by name , but not by sight .
i make it a rule not to stay up late .
i think i can do it in my spare time .
i traded in my old car for a new one .
i want you to tell me how to do this .
i went for a walk to try to sober up .
i'm going to my room , so i can study .
if i pay you a dollar , we'll be even .
if he comes , tell him to wait for me .
it is up to you to decide what to do .
may i count on you to get me the job ?
my wife will be glad to see you , too .
she was supposed to call him at 2 : 30 .
the rain has let up , so we can begin .
this kind of book is of no use to us .
to tell the truth , i do not like him .
tom said he was ill , which was a lie .
why do you let tom to do this to you ?
you want me to show you how to do it ?
air , like food , is a basic human need .
all i ask is that you show up on time .
all of a sudden , tom and i were alone .
all you have to do is to do your best .
as a matter of fact , she is my sister .
as far as i know , she hasn't left yet .
as soon as he comes back , let me know .
can you watch my dog while i ’ m away ?
do you mind if i go back to sleep now ?
do you mind if i watch tv for a while ?
do you want to be an actor in a movie ?
do you want to know why i lied to tom ?
don't call tom at his home after 2 : 30 .
excuse me , can i have a word with you ?
from now on , i will not use that word .
he asked me if i could do him a favor .
he asked me to go to a movie with him .
he fell for it hook , line , and sinker .
he is my friend . do you guys know him ?
how are you ? did you have a good trip ?
hurry up ! if you don't , we'll be late .
i can't do it alone . i need your help .
i don't eat as much meat as i used to .
i felt i just had to get off the ship .
i get a call from her once in a while .
i have a new camera i want you to see .
i have to go on a diet to lose weight .
i have to stop that . it's a bad habit .
i just want to look at it , that's all .
i just wanted to see if i could do it .
i know a very good way to get it done .
i know she puts up with a lot from me .
i like to sit in the front of the bus .
i said that i could , not that i would .
i think it's time for me to get a dog .
i think it's time for me to get a job .
i think it's time for me to go to bed .
i think you and i need to have a talk .
i tied my dog to a tree in the garden .
i told you his name was tom , didn't i ?
i want to keep a cat instead of a dog .
i want you to help me get out of here .
i want you to run to the store for me .
i was born on the 31st of may in 1940 .
i went to sleep as soon as i got home .
i wish i had more time to talk to her .
i wish i had more time to talk to you .
i'll take care of it as soon as i can .
i'm so happy , i feel like i could fly .
if i had known , i would have told you .
if i had known , i would not have come .
if i were you , i'd go home right away .
if he comes , what should i say to him ?
if you don't go , i will not go either .
it is bold of you to say such a thing .
it was sweet of you to do this for us .
just a few days ago , we were so happy .
next , i'd like to sing a song i wrote .
she may be cute , but i don't like her .
since the bus was late , i took a taxi .
the door is open . i'll go and shut it .
to be honest , i don't like you at all .
tom is at the door . please ask him in .
we had to make the best of a bad deal .
we have to take it one step at a time .
what i want to know is how to do this .
you don't want to tell me why , do you ?
you remind me of a boy i used to know .
as far as i know , tom is still married .
as far as i know , he did nothing wrong .
as soon as he returns , i will tell you .
boys , as a rule , are taller than girls .
can i set a place at the table for you ?
can i talk to you for a second , please ?
can you show me where i am on this map ?
can you tell me where i am on this map ?
come on , hurry up . you'll miss the bus .
could i speak to you for a moment , tom ?
daddy , i can't walk any more . carry me .
excuse me , but i think this is my seat .
he came at me with a knife in his hand .
he does not know what it is to be poor .
he gave me all the money he had on him .
he had nothing to say , so he went away .
he has almost no money , but he gets by .
he has made up his mind to buy the car .
he says he has a bone to pick with you .
he seldom , if ever , goes to the movies .
he's got a rap sheet as long as my arm .
how do you say " thank you " in japanese ?
i am in charge of the third - year class .
i didn't feel well , but i went to work .
i do not even know what to say to that .
i don't have a car , but my sister does .
i don't know what to do or what to say .
i don't know where to go or what to do .
i feel the same way about it as you do .
i got to know him when i was a student .
i had a crush on you when i was twelve .
i have had to stay in bed for two days .
i have no wish to live in a large city .
i just want you to know how sorry i am .
i like grapes , but i can't eat so many .
i made a list of things i needed to do .
i met one of my friends on my way home .
i ran into a friend of mine on the bus .
i saw a light at the end of the tunnel .
i saw his car make a turn to the right .
i told you i don't know how to do that .
i want tom to have a job that he loves .
i want to get married , just not to you .
i want to know what i can do right now .
i want you to have a job that you love .
i want you to have my land after i die .
i want you to tell tom that i love him .
i want you to tell me why you did that .
i will go and take a look at the house .
i'd be glad to tell tom how to do that .
i'll get by if i have a place to sleep .
i'm afraid he won't be here until 1 : 00 .
i'm scared too , so i'm not going to go .
i , too , will come in about ten minutes .
if tom were here , he'd know what to do .
if he asks us for help , we'll help him .
if you are free , come around to see me .
if you see tom , please tell him for me .
it is wise of you to ask me for advice .
it was a fine day , so we went swimming .
let's talk over a cup of tea , shall we ?
there are a lot of things i have to do .
they left it to me to decide on a gift .
this is a picture of the ship i was on .
to loosen a screw , turn it to the left .
to start with , i want to thank you all .
tom reminds me of a boy i used to know .
we had no choice but to put up with it .
we have to find a way to get that done .
we need to buy a new rug for this room .
what kind of part - time job do you have ?
when i was your age , i had a boyfriend .
without me , you won't be able to do it .
you don't want to go to prison , do you ?
you want to get out of here , don't you ?
you ’ d better lie low for a few weeks .
a car is a must for life in the suburbs .
a little rest would do us a lot of good .
all i can say is that i'd rather not go .
all you have to do is fill in this form .
all you have to do is to make a comment .
all you have to do is to meet her there .
all you have to do is to obey my orders .
as far as i know , i'm in perfect health .
as long as there is life , there is hope .
at that time , she was a student at yale .
at the moment , i have a pretty good job .
by the time you come back , i'll be gone .
can you sell the book to me for 500 yen ?
do you know of a good motel in the area ?
do you want us to take you home with us ?
don't be so hard on her . she meant well .
don't you want to sit in the front , tom ?
even if i wanted to , i couldn't do that .
give me some time to let it all sink in .
he has hardly any money , but he gets by .
he says his son can count up to 100 now .
he was a great poet as well as a doctor .
he would give an arm and a leg for that .
he's very honest , so we can rely on him .
how did you know i was going to say yes ?
how do we find out what we need to know ?
i am proud to be a part of this project .
i am starting the year as sick as a dog .
i am very glad to be out of high school .
i asked my mother to wake me up at four .
i can't read french , nor can i speak it .
i cut my right hand on a piece of glass .
i cut up all but one of my credit cards .
i did the job to the best of my ability .
i don't have a bicycle , let alone a car .
i don't know if i'll have time to do it .
i don't know why you want me to do that .
i don't know , but i'm going to find out .
i don't smoke or drink . i just do pills .
i feed my dog meat at least once a week .
i first met tom when i was a little kid .
i gave up on the idea of buying a house .
i got out of bed and had a good stretch .
i got sucked in on a lot of phony deals .
i had a cup of tea to keep myself awake .
i had a fender bender on my way to work .
i had no choice but to do what he asked .
i have a very sore arm where you hit me .
i hope we will be able to keep in touch .
i hope you had a good time at the party .
i just did what the boss asked me to do .
i just want to improve as much as i can .
i just want to sleep in a nice soft bed .
i just want you to tell me why you lied .
i know the reason , but i can't tell you .
i plan to leave boston as soon as i can .
i swear to you i will never do it again .
i take my hat off to her for her effort .
i think it's time for me to buy a house .
i think it's time for me to wash my car .
i think we can all agree on that , right ?
i thought i told you to stay in the car .
i told you it was going to be cold here .
i try not to use more paper than i need .
i used to play alone when i was a child .
i want life to be the way it was before .
i want to do what's best for both of us .
i want to go over a few things with you .
i want to help you get out of this mess .
i want to make sure you know what to do .
i want you to tell me who gave you that .
i was caught in a shower on my way home .
i was caught in the rain on my way home .
i was the one who had to make it happen .
i wasn't sure if i was going to make it .
i will come and see you when i get well .
i will return the book as soon as i can .
i wish i could go to the party with you .
i wish i had more time to talk with her .
i'll be in bed by the time you get home .
i'll see what i can do , but no promises .
i'm at work now , so i'll call you later .
i'm so sorry . i didn't mean to kick you .
i , for one , don't believe what she said .
if i want your opinion , i'll ask for it .
if i were you , i would accept his offer .
if you add three to four , you get seven .
if you go fishing tomorrow , i will , too .
if you want a pencil , i'll lend you one .
in the mean time , let's have a sit down .
it has been a long time since i saw him .
it is easy for a monkey to climb a tree .
it is not easy to get rid of bad habits .
it took her a long time to choose a hat .
it was a ship with a crew of 25 sailors .
it's up to you to get to school on time .
my parents don ’ t like the way i dress .
my shoes are too small . i need new ones .
my son came to see me from time to time .
no matter what he does , he does it well .
no matter what you say , i won't give up .
now is a great time to buy one of those .
people always ask me why i do what i do .
she said she was nurse , which was a lie .
she will do her best to be here on time .
since i was sick , i didn't go to school .
so , what do you guys want to do tonight ?
tell tom i'll be there as soon as i can .
that boy talks as if he were a grown up .
this hotel belongs to my brother - in - law .
to tell you the truth , i don't love him .
tom is a good friend of yours , isn't he ?
was it a lie when you said you loved me ?
we have a dog , a cat and three canaries .
we have a lot of great guys on our team .
we went to rome , where we stayed a week .
well , the night is quite long , isn't it ?
what a fool i was to lend him the money .
what do you want to be when you grow up ?
what do you want to do when you grow up ?
what foods , if any , do you avoid eating ?
what time do you want me to pick you up ?
what would you do , if you lost your job ?
whatever i do , she says i can do better .
when i got back , i found my car missing .
when i was your age , i had a girlfriend .
when i was your age , pluto was a planet .
who is to say that what we did is wrong ?
would someone please wake me up at 2 : 30 ?
you aren't going to tell on me , are you ?
you don't mind if i leave early , do you ?
you mean the world to me , you really do .
" nice to meet you , " said the businessman .
a jack of all trades is a master of none .
a long time ago , there was a bridge here .
a lot of people feel the same way you do .
a man is more or less what he looks like .
a museum is a great place to find a date .
add a little more milk to my tea , please .
all of a sudden , all the lights went out .
all of a sudden , the fire alarm went off .
although it was raining , i had to go out .
as far as i remember , he didn't say that .
at last , you've hit the nail on the head !
being ill , i stayed at home all day long .
by the way , i have something to tell you .
can you tell me how to fill in this form ?
come on , guys . this is not funny anymore .
do i need to be at the meeting on monday ?
do you know any of the boys in this room ?
do you mind if i leave for a few minutes ?
do you want to go to the station with me ?
even though it was very cold , i went out .
first of all , you have to read this book .
give me a chance to make you proud of me .
he fell down on the ice and hurt his leg .
he is not as lazy a student as you think .
he is said to have made a fortune in oil .
he is too much of a coward to attempt it .
he left the room as soon as i entered it .
he likes to go to the beach now and then .
he made up a pretext for a fight with me .
he saved her at the cost of his own life .
he took off his coat and put it on again .
he will do his best to finish it on time .
his car isn't here , so he must have gone .
how long does it take to go there by bus ?
how many times a week do you take a bath ?
hurry up , or you will be late for school .
i am going to stay with my aunt in kyoto .
i asked her if she could go to the party .
i came early in order to get a good seat .
i can read english , but i can't speak it .
i can speak chinese , but i can't read it .
i do hope tom does what he says he'll do .
i do hope you enjoy the rest of your day .
i do not know who is good enough for him .
i don't feel very well . i should go home .
i go to the library at least once a week .
i had a snack before i went back to work .
i had no idea of what she intended to do .
i had to stifle my anger in front of him .
i hate it when there are a lot of people .
i have a few things i want to make clear .
i have made up my mind to propose to her .
i have no time to help you with the work .
i have so many things i want you to know .
i have to buy a new carpet for this room .
i just don't want anyone to be mad at me .
i just had to see you guys before i left .
i just want to be left alone for a while .
i just want to make it home in one piece .
i just want you to know that i regret it .
i knew i wanted you the moment i saw you .
i made a bet that she would win the game .
i make it a rule to study math every day .
i meet him at the club from time to time .
i need your answer by the end of the day .
i only hope we can get this done on time .
i saw the light at the end of the tunnel .
i think it's time for me to mow the lawn .
i think it's time for me to take a break .
i think that what you need now is a kiss .
i think we need to find out where tom is .
i told her what he was doing in her room .
i told him to work hard or he would fail .
i tried to take our dog out of our house .
i want tom to go get me something to eat .
i want to ask them when their big day is .
i want to give you the chance to do that .
i want to see you in my office right now .
i want to sort this out once and for all .
i want you to stay here until i get back .
i want your answer by the end of the day .
i wish i could live in a house that nice .
i wish i had a roommate to hang out with .
i wore a coat so i wouldn't catch a cold .
i would like to be a pilot in the future .
i would like to talk to him face to face .
i would love to go to the dance with you .
i'd be lying if i said i didn't like tom .
i'd like to ask you about how to do that .
i'd like to have a room with a nice view .
i'd like to see the car before i rent it .
i'm double - parked . could you hurry it up ?
i'm not going to tell you how to do that .
i'm sorry . i didn't mean to make you cry .
i'm thirsty . can i have a glass of water ?
i'm very tired , but i can't get to sleep .
i've got a lot of things to do this week .
if i had enough money , i could go abroad .
if i were you , i would follow his advice .
if it is raining , i won't go out tonight .
if it rains , the game will be called off .
if you are hungry , you can eat the bread .
if you hurry , you will catch up with him .
if you wouldn't mind , i could use a hand .
is it more fun being a child or an adult ?
is that really a road we want to go down ?
it cost a lot of money to repair the car .
it is said that there is no life on mars .
it was foolish of him to do such a thing .
it was near the river that i lost my way .
it was not easy for us to find his house .
just a moment . i haven't made up my mind .
let me say a few words by way of apology .
let's get out for a while to take a walk .
mary told me that she was glad to see me .
not knowing what to do , i asked for help .
now that school is over , you can go home .
on my way to the library i met my friend .
please tell me . i really want to hear it .
she told him a joke , but he didn't laugh .
she took a job in a store for the summer .
should i go or would you like me to stay ?
since he was tired , he went to bed early .
since there were no taxis , i had to walk .
sooner or later , he will run out of luck .
sure , it might be traumatic , but so what ?
that's a good idea . i'm going to do that .
the fact is that i have no money with me .
the food was so good that i ate too much .
the guy who hit you is at the front door .
the more money we have , the more we want .
the more you learn , the more you want to .
the new model will retail for 30 , 000 yen .
the top of mt . fuji is covered with snow .
there are two zeros in the number " 2010 . "
there ’ s no better way to start the day .
to make a long story short , he was fired .
tom is one of the few people i can trust .
tom never used to smoke , but he does now .
tom tied the canoe to the top of his car .
we did nothing wrong . it was only a kiss .
we must make up for the loss in some way .
we must pay a toll to drive on this road .
we will eat , and then go straight to bed .
what do you like to do in your free time ?
what does any of that have to do with me ?
when i opened the door , i broke the lock .
when i woke up this morning , i felt sick .
when my dad finds out , he won't be happy .
which is your book , this one or that one ?
why do you want to be alone all the time ?
will you be eating here or is this to go ?
would you like to go see a movie with me ?
would you like to go to the lake with us ?
you must do it even if you don't want to .
you should be able to walk in a few days .
you're not asking me to give up , are you ?
" tatoeba " means " for example " in japanese .
a driver's job is not as easy as it looks .
a few years ago , there was a huge scandal .
a well is a place where you can get water .
actually , i did want to ask you one thing .
all i want to do is finish what i started .
all you have to do is sign your name here .
are you sure you don't want to go with us ?
as far as i know , he's a diligent student .
as far as i know , she hasn't departed yet .
as soon as i got home , the telephone rang .
as soon as the door opened , they ran away .
being an only child , he was the sole heir .
can i ask why this is so important to you ?
can we get to the moon in the near future ?
can you make out what he is trying to say ?
can you tell me how to get to the station ?
did you give a copy of the disk to anyone ?
do whatever it is that he tells you to do .
do you have any idea what my life is like ?
do you mean to tell me you can't find one ?
do you spend more time at home or at work ?
do you think your money is safe in a bank ?
excuse me , what is the name of this place ?
he bribed the judge and got off scot - free .
he can stay here for one night , no longer .
he does not need a wife to look after him .
he fed his dog at the same time every day .
he is rich , but his older brother is poor .
he knows how to make good use of his time .
he must be very angry to say such a thing .
he seems to have been ill for a long time .
he stayed at a hotel for a couple of days .
he struck a match , but quickly put it out .
he used to get up early when he was young .
he's very honest , so we can depend on him .
how did you come up with such a good idea ?
how long does it take to get to the beach ?
how many books can i take out at one time ?
how many times a day do you feed your dog ?
how many times a day should i feed my dog ?
how much do you charge to fix a flat tire ?
hurry up , or you will miss the last train .
i am not used to staying up late at night .
i am what i am today thanks to my parents .
i asked tom why he wanted to go to boston .
i can't ask you to take that sort of risk .
i can't finish the job in so short a time .
i do hope you will come and visit us soon .
i don't know how he can live in this mess .
i don't know if i can make it without you .
i don't know if it's what he wants or not .
i don't know if she will go there with me .
i don't know who else to turn to for help .
i don't know who you are and i don't care .
i don't make as much money as i'd like to .
i don't think i can make it to your party .
i had a glass of beer to quench my thirst .
i have a full - length mirror in my bedroom .
i have a lot of work to get through today .
i have been to the airport to see him off .
i have been to the station to see him off .
i have known tom since i was a little boy .
i have not had a chance to see that movie .
i have not heard from him for a long time .
i have only half as many books as he does .
i have the same number of books as he has .
i have to take some money out of the bank .
i hope we don't have to wait for too long .
i just kind of want to be alone right now .
i just want life to be like it was before .
i just want to go over this one more time .
i learned how to use a hammer from my dad .
i let him sleep at my house for the night .
i like summer , but i can't stand the heat .
i must work hard to make up for lost time .
i need to go back to boston for a funeral .
i often wrote to her when i was a student .
i saw your cousin tom just a few days ago .
i should not have done that . it was wrong .
i stopped off at osaka on my way to tokyo .
i think it's a bad idea to loan tom money .
i think it's time for me to call a doctor .
i think it's time for me to call it quits .
i thought tom told you what you had to do .
i very much don't want to have to do that .
i wake up at half past six in the morning .
i want a box three times as large as this .
i want to give you enough time to do that .
i want to go over it again in more detail .
i want to grow up to be a great scientist .
i want to stay in america for a few years .
i was about to go out when the phone rang .
i was really tired so i went to bed early .
i went to see a movie with tom after work .
i'd like stay longer , but i have to leave .
i'd like to go with you if you don't mind .
i'm moving , so i need boxes for my things .
i'm sure you never told me not to do this .
i'm willing to help you if you want me to .
i've got my guitar in the trunk of my car .
if he doesn't come , what will you do then ?
if it rains tomorrow , i will stay at home .
if we begin early , we can finish by lunch .
if you are to succeed , you must work hard .
if you ever touch me again , i'll kill you .
if you want to succeed in life , work hard .
if your feet get wet , you'll catch a cold .
in poker , three of a kind beats two pairs .
in their case , it was love at first sight .
it is not known when he came up to london .
it seems as if you are the first one here .
it's a great honor to be able to meet you .
it's so hot outside , you could fry an egg .
last summer , i worked part time on a farm .
let me know if i need to make any changes .
let me know if there is anything i can do .
let me know the result as soon as you can .
let me think it over for a couple of days .
let's go and see as many things as we can .
my father has been out of work for a year .
my plan for the summer is to go to europe .
my uncle has a glass eye and a wooden leg .
no one ate any of the cookies that i made .
she has a tattoo of a lizard on her thigh .
she is not so much a singer as a comedian .
she is the one who took care of his wound .
she may have left her car key in her room .
she took her ring off and threw it at him .
she went into the room and lay on the bed .
should i make a cream pie or a pound cake ?
sorry to trouble you , but can you help me ?
tell tom that i don't want to talk to him .
that sounds a lot easier to do than it is .
the door was locked , so i couldn't get in .
the more she talked , the more bored i got .
the point of play is that it has no point .
the top of mt . fuji was covered with snow .
there is a big stack of mail on the table .
there is a park in the middle of the city .
there is a pond in the middle of the park .
they gave up their plan to climb mt . fuji .
they seem to have had a good time in rome .
this city is 1 , 600 meters above sea level .
this is the book i want to give my mother .
this tie goes well with the suit , i guess .
to tell the truth , i don't agree with you .
tom bought a box of candy to give to mary .
tom came to my office to ask me for money .
tom has great wealth , but he is not happy .
we had no choice except to put up with it .
we have to make sure we get there on time .
we went to boston , where we stayed a week .
what are you going to be when you grow up ?
what would you do if you were in my place ?
when i see him , i think of my grandfather .
when my mom finds out , she won't be happy .
which color do you like more , blue or red ?
why don't you give me what i want to have ?
would it be ok if i turned off the lights ?
you can pick up a lot of words by reading .
you do not want to incur the wrath of god .
you seem to be in such a nasty mood today .
a bunch of people told me not to eat there .
a cup of coffee cost 200 yen in those days .
a fire broke out in the middle of the city .
a lot of people feel the same way tom does .
a stranger came up to me and asked the way .
all of a sudden , the clerk lost his temper .
all of us want to live as long as possible .
all work and no play makes jack a dull boy .
all you have to do is push this red button .
are you going to eat the rest of your stew ?
as for me , i have nothing against the plan .
as for me , i like chicken better than pork .
before i knew it , i couldn't see the birds .
by the way , have you ever been to hokkaido ?
can i persuade you to stay a few more days ?
can a case be made for late - term abortions ?
can you think of any better way to do this ?
could i get you to update this data for me ?
could you put those bags in the car for me ?
did you see the way tom was looking at you ?
do you agree with what he says in the book ?
do you have more than one copy of this key ?
do you know the reason why she is so angry ?
do you know what tom does in his free time ?
do you want to come over and watch a movie ?
during the war , we had to do without sugar .
even though he was sick , he went to school .
flip to the back of the book for the index .
having seen him before , i knew him at once .
he asked her to marry him , but she refused .
he does not even know how to sign his name .
he has not written to them for a long time .
he helped an old lady get up from her seat .
he is going to buy a new bicycle next week .
he is much better than me at the high jump .
he ran as fast as his legs could carry him .
he that will steal an egg will steal an ox .
he turned off the light and he went to bed .
he walked away with a sad look on his face .
he would sit and look at the sea for hours .
how much did you charge tom to fix his car ?
i can lend you some money if you need some .
i can tell by his accent that he is german .
i can't tell you how much this means to me .
i didn't take it . you can check my pockets .
i don't know how much longer i can do this .
i don't know what i'm going to do with you .
i don't like this tie . show me another one .
i don't plan on being a waiter all my life .
i don't think we want to go down that road .
i eat lunch here two or three times a week .
i found a rare book i had been looking for .
i gave him what little money i had with me .
i get a lot of satisfaction out of my work .
i had a lot of money , but spent everything .
i had no idea you knew how to play mahjong .
i had the same problem when i was your age .
i have been waiting for an hour and a half .
i have something that i want to say to him .
i have ten times as many books as you have .
i have to make the best of that small room .
i have to talk with him about the new plan .
i hope i can manage to make both ends meet .
i hope you will have a good time in europe .
i just said i didn't want to talk about it .
i just wanted to tell you how pleased i am .
i knew all along that he was telling a lie .
i know a lot of people don't agree with me .
i love him more than any of the other boys .
i met my teacher on the way to the station .
i missed seeing that movie . did you see it ?
i read this book when i was in high school .
i refuse to be treated like a slave by you .
i think it's time for me to do my homework .
i think it's time for me to join the fight .
i think she is sick . she has a temperature .
i used to play tennis when i was a student .
i waited for an hour , but he didn't appear .
i want to stay in a hotel near the airport .
i want you all to be on your best behavior .
i was at the hospital a couple of days ago .
i was in the right place at the right time .
i was not conscious of a man looking at me .
i will be through with the book in no time .
i will tell her what to say at the meeting .
i'd be curious to know what tom has to say .
i'll be grateful if you can do that for me .
i'll go tell the others what we need to do .
i'm just not cut out for this kind of work .
i'm not even sure i want to see that movie .
i'm sorry , but i can't eat dinner with you .
i've made a list of foods that i can't eat .
i've made a list of things i'd like to buy .
if he studied hard , he would pass the test .
if he'd known the truth , he'd have told me .
if it was easy , it wouldn't be a challenge .
if the phone rings again , i will ignore it .
if you mix blue and red , you'll get purple .
if you touch that wire , you'll get a shock .
if you want to succeed , use your time well .
in any case , i'll inform you when he comes .
in the fall , many birds head for the south .
is the cat on the chair or under the chair ?
it seems like i'm going to have a hard day .
it so happened that i had no money with me .
it took rei 20 days to get over her injury .
it was a vase that my son broke last night .
it was hard for me to turn down his demand .
it was stupid of me to make such a mistake .
it won't be long before he is up and about .
it would be better for you to speak to him .
it would be nice if you helped me a little .
it's a rainy day , so we can't play outside .
it's almost seven . we have to go to school .
it's so simple that even a child can do it .
it's warm today so you can swim in the sea .
look at the picture at the top of the page .
looking out of the window , i saw a rainbow .
more often than not , he is late for school .
more than 3 , 000 people were at the concert .
my grandpa lived to the ripe old age of 97 .
my sister asked me to teach her how to ski .
my uncle comes to see me from time to time .
no one seems to know what this is used for .
no sooner had he said it than he was sorry .
not a single star could be seen in the sky .
on the whole , my company is doing well now .
once he had written the letter , he sent it .
once outside , i gave a deep sigh of relief .
once upon a time , there lived a cruel king .
one can't help many , but many can help one .
one month after he had become ill , he died .
people who don't want to go , don't have to .
please take care of my dog while i am away .
put on your shoes . let's go out for dinner .
seen from a distance , it looks like a ball .
she asked me to pick her up at the station .
she looked at him with a smile on her face .
she still has a little money , but not much .
she told me that i could sleep on the sofa .
she was advised by him to go to the police .
she will grow up to be a very good pianist .
she's busy now , so she can't talk with you .
since it was already late , i went to sleep .
thank you for all you did for me that time .
the frost did a lot of damage to the crops .
the house is small , but it's enough for us .
the ice was thick enough for me to walk on .
the line is busy now . please hold the line .
the street our hotel is on is the next one .
the thick fog made it hard to see the road .
then i'm afraid we have a bit of a problem .
there are a lot of bad people in the world .
there are a lot of dogs here , aren't there ?
there is a man waiting for you at the door .
there is a tinge of red in the eastern sky .
these shoes are too small for me to put on .
they haven ’ t slept for forty - eight hours .
they welcomed me warmly , so i felt at home .
this book is so difficult , i can't read it .
to tell the truth , she no longer loves him .
today you can get two for the price of one .
tom had no right to treat mary like he did .
tom has what it takes to be a good teacher .
tom is one of the richest men in the world .
tom made a list of things he needed to buy .
tom paid the driver and got out of the cab .
tom went back to his own room and lay down .
tom will never know it was you who told me .
try these shoes on and see if they fit you .
until that day , i had never eaten dog meat .
we are looking for a nice house to live in .
we don't know what they want to use it for .
we had to make the best of our small house .
we have to sing at an old folks home today .
we hurried , so we didn't miss the last bus .
we must take care of our planet , the earth .
we should not have done that . it was wrong .
we tried to cheer him up by taking him out .
we went to the café that i told you about .
we were very tired from the five - hour trip .
we'd better get a move on or we'll be late .
we're lucky tom is here to help us do this .
what does it mean when a girl winks at you ?
what exactly is it that you want me to say ?
what on earth does this have to do with me ?
what would you do if you had one year free ?
what would you say if you were in my place ?
when i opened the door , i found him asleep .
when i was a child , i could sleep anywhere .
when i was your age , i was already married .
when my wife finds out , she won't be happy .
where were you at 2 : 30 on monday afternoon ?
why don't you look it up in the phone book ?
why don't you sit and have a drink with me ?
why don't you take the rest of the day off ?
why would you want to do a thing like that ?
would you mind if i watched tv for a while ?
you are an idiot to go out in this weather .
you can do whatever you want to , of course .
you can have either of these , but not both .
you didn't expect to find me here , did you ?
you have no idea how much that means to me .
you have to make up the time you have lost .
you look a lot like someone i used to know .
you must work hard , if you want to succeed .
you promised not to be rude to me any more .
you told us she was kind and she really is .
you're back late . what have you been up to ?
you've got to go even if you don't want to .
your shoes are wet . put them near the fire .
a lot of people were killed in world war ii .
a man's body dies , but his soul is immortal .
a moral person doesn't lie , cheat , or steal .
a young man is singing in front of the door .
after his accident , he is happy to be alive .
all of my students call me by my first name .
are you sure that you want to quit your job ?
as far as i know , he's an excellent student .
as we go up higher , the air becomes thinner .
at the foot of the hill is a beautiful lake .
bad weather upset our plans to go on a hike .
can you fix this or should i call a plumber ?
could you keep your eye out for my car keys ?
could you tell me how to get to park street ?
could you tell me how to get to your office ?
did tom ever tell you how he first met mary ?
did you learn to swim when you were a child ?
do you really think tom is better than i am ?
do you want to be a bartender all your life ?
do you want us to try prying this door open ?
don't ask what they think . ask what they do .
even the hard - hearted can be moved to tears .
for one thing , i couldn't afford to do that .
from now on , let's eat lunch in the kitchen .
having done the work , she has nothing to do .
having lived in tokyo , i know the city well .
he added a little sugar and milk to his tea .
he applied for a job with the bank of tokyo .
he became sick and they laid him on a bench .
he chose the wrong man to pick a fight with .
he had the good fortune to find a good wife .
he is a man whose heart is filled with hope .
he is furious at what they have done to him .
he is one of the best brains in our country .
he is reading a book . let's leave him alone .
he is said to have taken part in the battle .
he is the tallest man that i have ever seen .
he just texted me . i think he's drunk again .
he loved me , but he doesn't love me anymore .
he needs a few jokes to lighten up his talk .
he ought to have arrived in new york by now .
he told me that he would start the next day .
he tried with all his might to lift the box .
he wanted to know more about the trees , too .
he was at the wrong place at the wrong time .
he was in the right place at the right time .
he was silent for what seemed to me an hour .
he was so tired that he fell right to sleep .
he was walking up the hill at a steady pace .
he will never give in even when he is wrong .
how come mary is going on a picnic with him ?
how did you come up with such a good excuse ?
how did you wind up doing this kind of work ?
how far is it from here to the next village ?
how far is it from the airport to the hotel ?
how long does it take to get to the stadium ?
how long does it take to get to the station ?
how much did they give you for your old car ?
how much is the car you are planning to buy ?
how much money do you have on you right now ?
how much will it cost to get to the airport ?
how much would you want to pay for the tour ?
how often and how much should i feed my dog ?
i am in agreement with most of what he says .
i am in no position to do anything about it .
i am sorry that i have troubled you so much .
i am sorry to have kept you waiting so long .
i am very sorry to inform you that she died .
i called him , but a girl answered the phone .
i can never stay angry at tom for very long .
i can not feel at home in a luxurious hotel .
i can't believe i let you talk me into this .
i can't finish the job in such a short time .
i can't make heads or tails of what you say .
i didn't steal it . you can check my pockets .
i didn't want to do this in the first place .
i didn't want to spend any more time in bed .
i don't know how to persuade tom to help us .
i don't see what you two are so happy about .
i don't think it's good for him to go alone .
i feel cold . do you mind closing the window ?
i get goose bumps when i see a horror movie .
i got to know her through one of my friends .
i hate mosquitoes , but they seem to love me .
i have a friend waiting for me in the lobby .
i have a lot of money in my savings account .
i have a lot of things to do this afternoon .
i have five times as many stamps as he does .
i have no idea why he quit his job suddenly .
i have no more than one hundred yen with me .
i have not been sick for the past ten years .
i have plenty of time , but not enough money .
i have three times as many books as he does .
i have to finish up some things before i go .
i have to think about what needs to be done .
i hear his business is on the verge of ruin .
i hope to continue to see more of the world .
i hope to see reindeer on my trip to sweden .
i just want to be your friend , nothing more .
i just want to know why you brought me here .
i just want to talk with you a little while .
i know tom wants us to go swimming with him .
i missed you a lot while you were in boston .
i need a pair of scissors to cut this paper .
i plan to finish it in two or three minutes .
i prefer soap as a liquid rather than a bar .
i really wish i knew why tom didn't like me .
i sat behind a very tall man in the theater .
i see you had to work late again last night .
i talked my wife out of buying a new carpet .
i think i've had a little too much to drink .
i think he's coming , but i'm not quite sure .
i think it's good for you to read this book .
i think it's time for me to change my plans .
i think there are lots of sites to see here .
i think this is beside the point , right now .
i think we've done a pretty good job so far .
i took a taxi from the station to the hotel .
i turned on the radio to listen to the news .
i used to go ice fishing when i was younger .
i want to ask you about the money you found .
i want to know if you will be free tomorrow .
i want to know that what i'm doing is right .
i want to learn to play the guitar like you .
i want you to come work here at our company .
i was leaving home , when it started to rain .
i was the only one not invited to the party .
i watched a movie with my friend in my room .
i went to see a movie with tom after school .
i wish i had eaten lunch before i came here .
i wonder why they left my name off the list .
i'd like to have more time to talk with you .
i'd like to hear a lot more about your trip .
i'd rather go for a walk than see the movie .
i'm fixing the radio i found on my way home .
i'm looking for my keys . have you seen them ?
i'm looking for my wallet . have you seen it ?
i'm not going to do that unless you help me .
i'm often told i don't look good in a skirt .
i'm pretty sure tom did what he said he did .
i'm sorry , but i didn't catch what you said .
i'm sure i can find something for you to do .
i'm sure you'll tell me what i want to know .
i've given up on the idea of buying a house .
if i'm not too busy , i'll help you tomorrow .
if you have any difficulty , ask me for help .
if you push this button , the door will open .
in any case , i'll have to go there tomorrow .
in bad weather , one can easily catch a cold .
it cost me a fortune to get my car repaired .
it is a pity that you cannot travel with us .
it is not necessary for you to quit the job .
it is said that the taste of love is bitter .
it isn't safe for us to remain in this area .
it seems to me that she is a little selfish .
it was a dry year , and many animals starved .
it was in tokyo that i first met her father .
it was stupid of him to turn down her offer .
it was stupid of him to turn down his offer .
it's been a long time since i've worn a tie .
it's been my dream since i was a little boy .
it's dark in here . do you have a flashlight ?
it's hard for me to live on my small income .
it's hard to swat a fly with your bare hand .
kansas is smack dab in the middle of the us .
last summer , i worked part time on the farm .
let's see you talk your way out of this one .
my brother wants to go to the moon some day .
my cell phone has a built - in digital camera .
my father spends a lot of time on his hobby .
my son always gets sick when he rides a bus .
no matter who says so , i can't believe that .
no one i know can afford to eat out anymore .
not feeling well , i stayed home on that day .
our problem is how to get in touch with him .
please give me a piece of paper to write on .
regardless of what he does , he does it well .
shall we talk about it over a cup of coffee ?
she as well as her friends is fond of music .
she could not get over her fear of the dark .
she had no sooner seen me than she ran away .
she is coming home at the end of this month .
she told me that she had bigger fish to fry .
she wanted to return home , but she got lost .
she warned him not to go out at night alone .
she was advised by him to come back at once .
she's not the kind of girl you think she is .
since he was feeling sick , he stayed in bed .
that is the exactly the same idea as i have .
that just goes to prove that you are a liar .
that's a job of your own choosing , isn't it ?
the cow gave birth to a calf with two heads .
the job of a driver is harder than it looks .
the man you met at the station is my father .
the paper says that a typhoon is on its way .
the population of the city is about 100 , 000 .
the radio is too loud . turn the volume down .
the sum of two plus three plus four is nine .
the trouble is that i have no money with me .
the weather was not only cold , but also wet .
there is no way to confirm that he is alive .
there was a cottage on the side of the hill .
they had no beards , no hair and no eyebrows .
this coffee is so hot that i can't drink it .
to tell the truth , we got married last year .
tom asked me to pick mary up at the airport .
tom has a funny way of laughing , doesn't he ?
tom is the only one not invited to my party .
tom knows he's wrong , but he won't admit it .
tom made a list of places he wants to visit .
tom probably can't do that as well as i can .
tom put a star on top of the christmas tree .
tom put down his spoon and picked up a fork .
tom tried to kiss mary , but she leaned back .
tom tried to open the door , but he couldn't .
tom turned over a new leaf when he met mary .
we arrived to find a huge meal ready for us .
we can't really keep all this stuff , can we ?
we had to call off the game because of rain .
we lost sight of them over half an hour ago .
we're safer here than we would be in a city .
what age was she when she first drove a car ?
what brand of dog food do you feed your dog ?
what do you think i should pack for my trip ?
what kind of changes do you want us to make ?
what number bus do i take to get to waikiki ?
whatever he may say , i won't change my mind .
where can i find an outlet for all my anger ?
whether you believe it or not , i believe it .
why did you put off the printing of my book ?
why do you close your eyes when you kiss me ?
why don't you tell me what you want to hear ?
will you give any discount if i pay in cash ?
will you lend me your cd player for an hour ?
would you be so kind as to shut that window ?
would you let me think about it for a while ?
you can stay here as long as you keep quiet .
you cooked the steak just the way i like it .
you don't have what it takes to be a leader .
you may not remember me , but i remember you .
you may stay here as long as you keep quiet .
you never know what you can do till you try .
you ought not to call at this time of night .
you remind me of myself when i was your age .
you should not have done that . it was wrong .
you smoke far too much . you should cut back .
you're the only person i know who is my age .
your wife is going to ask you for a divorce .
a good pair of glasses will help you to read .
a man whose wife is dead is called a widower .
a nephew is a son of one's brother or sister .
after an absence of seven years , i went home .
air is a mixture of gases that we cannot see .
all the floors in her house are made of wood .
and while i'm at it , i have another question .
are you sure that you want to give this away ?
as soon as they return , i will telephone you .
back in those days , i loved to play checkers .
be sure to put out the fire before you leave .
can i have two hamburgers and a coke , please ?
can i tempt you to try another piece of cake ?
can you believe it ? he's even lazier than me .
could you go to the store and grab some eggs ?
did you fall in love with her at first sight ?
do you know the girl waving at us over there ?
do you listen to the radio at home every day ?
do you mind if i ask you a personal question ?
do you really want to lead this kind of life ?
do you spend a lot of time with your friends ?
do you want me to bring you something to eat ?
do you want me to teach you some swear words ?
does tom want me to drive him to the airport ?
don't let me down like you did the other day .
even if he doesn't come , we'll have to begin .
first of all , we have to finish the homework .
give me back the book after you have read it .
happy is the man who is content with his lot .
have you ever been a witness in a court case ?
he asked his father to take him to the store .
he asked his wife if she was coming with him .
he asked me who i thought would win the race .
he broke his word , which made his wife angry .
he crushed the sheet of paper up into a ball .
he fell in love with the girl at first sight .
he has a bookstore in the center of the city .
he has just as many books as his father does .
he is rarely , if ever , late for appointments .
he is taller than any other boy in his class .
he is the last person to speak ill of others .
he put up a notice about the change in price .
he says that he has no memory of the evening .
he tried harder to get good marks than i did .
he tried to comfort her , but she kept crying .
he was moved to tears when he heard the news .
he was sick , so he couldn't attend the party .
he was sitting in the library when i saw him .
he was the only one not invited to the party .
he was very naughty when he was a little boy .
he went for a swim in the lake every morning .
he wore a mask so no one would recognize him .
he's much more into her than she is into him .
her house is on the other side of the bridge .
his new book is going to come out next month .
how can i get rid of all those fallen leaves ?
how long do you plan to stay in this country ?
how long does it take to walk to the station ?
how many flights to tokyo do you offer a day ?
how many people do you need for a rugby game ?
how much did you have to pay for the tickets ?
i am more than grateful to you for your help .
i am staying at the hotel for the time being .
i am sure that he will become a great singer .
i assume you must be a close friend of tom's .
i can't find the word to express what i feel .
i can't focus on two things at the same time .
i can't make heads or tails of what you said .
i can't say i'm terribly proud of what i did .
i caught him by the arm before he could fall .
i didn't want to spend any more time in jail .
i don't know if he will visit us next sunday .
i don't know if it will rain tomorrow or not .
i don't know if you'll be here when i return .
i don't lend my books to any of the students .
i don't like him coming to my house so often .
i don't see how that is any of your business .
i don't want this news to be made public yet .
i don't want to go bald when i'm still young .
i found the book i had long been looking for .
i go to the museum whenever i get the chance .
i had no idea you could speak french so well .
i had the same thing happen to me last month .
i had to walk here because my car broke down .
i have a feeling you might want to see these .
i have plenty of things to eat in the pantry .
i have too many things on my mind these days .
i have two or three calls lined up for today .
i heard voices on the other side of the door .
i hope i will become a dentist in the future .
i hurried in order not to be late for school .
i just didn't want you to think i was stingy .
i know quite a few people who don't eat meat .
i left my baby in her care and went shopping .
i lost the watch i had bought the day before .
i must make up for lost time by driving fast .
i opened the window to let in some fresh air .
i plan to stay here until my money gives out .
i put the meat we just bought in the freezer .
i really don't want to go to boston with tom .
i really have to think about this a bit more .
i really need to go home and catch some zees .
i saw the old man feed his dog chicken bones .
i suppose you want to ask me where i've been .
i take a walk every day except when it rains .
i think tom drank out of my glass by mistake .
i think it'd be better if you didn't do that .
i think it's better for us to adopt his plan .
i think it's time for me to apologize to her .
i think it's time for me to clean the garage .
i think it's time for me to close the window .
i think it's time for me to consult a doctor .
i think it's time for me to consult a lawyer .
i think it's time for me to leave for school .
i think it's time for me to lose some weight .
i think it's time for me to organize a party .
i tried to solve the problem , but i couldn't .
i visited rome for the first time in my life .
i want an answer from you as soon a possible .
i want this luggage taken to my room at once .
i want to speak to whoever is in charge here .
i wanted to thank you for what you did today .
i was thinking about what she had said to me .
i was told that i needed to get enough sleep .
i was too embarrassed to look her in the eye .
i will accept the work , provided you help me .
i will help you when i have finished my work .
i wish there were some cute guys in my class .
i wonder if he can reserve the flight for me .
i wonder what the future has in store for us .
i wonder why tennis is played in mini - skirts .
i would like to go to austria to study music .
i wouldn't tell tom about that if i were you .
i'd like to ask you about a car you repaired .
i'd like to ask you about a student of yours .
i'd like to know a little bit more about you .
i'd like to know how you got my phone number .
i'd like to talk to someone about what i saw .
i'm being sincere when i say that i love you .
i'm looking for my shoes . have you seen them ?
i'm really tired and want to go to bed early .
i'm sorry , but i don't have any small change .
i'm trying to figure out what you do for fun .
i've loved you since the day i first saw you .
if i start eating potato chips , i can't stop .
if it snows tomorrow , i will build a snowman .
if you do that , everyone's going to hate you .
if you see a mistake , then please correct it .
if you want to succeed , you should work hard .
is there anything you want me to buy for you ?
it cost me 50 dollars to have my watch fixed .
it is a six hours' drive from sofia to varna .
it is no use arguing with such a foolish man .
it must be really creepy to work in a morgue .
it's a nice place , but i wouldn't live there .
it's a pity that he can't get married to her .
it's a problem we do not have any answer for .
it's been my dream since i was a little girl .
it's going to be difficult for us to do that .
it's high time you left for school , isn't it ?
let's get the work over with so we can relax .
life doesn't always go the way we want it to .
mt . everest is the highest peak in the world .
my brother fell off a tree and broke his leg .
my mother told me i needed to eat less candy .
next thing you know , you'll be in the papers .
no matter what game he plays , he always wins .
nobody told me it was going to get this cold .
on sunday we were on the beach flying a kite .
once she starts talking , she is hard to stop .
please get all of your junk out of this room .
please see to it that the dog doesn't go out .
she did not visit me on sunday but on monday .
she fainted , but came to after a few minutes .
she has a bad habit of chewing on her pencil .
she heard him cry in the middle of the night .
she lives near the beach , but she can't swim .
she lives near the ocean , but she can't swim .
she looked at him and knew that he was angry .
she said that she had to be back before dawn .
she tried to comfort him , but he kept crying .
she was ready to give him back all his money .
she went to the train station to see him off .
since my mother was sick , i looked after her .
since when are you two on a first name basis ?
some of them are healthy , but others are not .
talking to him always puts me in a good mood .
the car broke down on the way to the airport .
the castle is on the other side of the river .
the cause of the accident is not known to us .
the dog was covered in mud from head to foot .
the horse chafed at the bit put in its mouth .
the older he grew , the more modest he became .
there are a lot of places to see around here .
there are a lot of places to see in hokkaido .
there are not enough chairs for us to sit on .
there is a chance that he will pass the exam .
there is a small garden in front of my house .
there is nothing like cold beer on a hot day .
they say that he has been dead for two years .
this is a tropical storm . it'll be over soon .
this is the best cake that i have ever eaten .
this is the best party i've been to all year .
this railing is not as stable as it could be .
this seems like a good place to pitch a tent .
this will never happen again , i swear to you .
this work is simple enough for a child to do .
tom and mary cut classes and went to the zoo .
tom asked mary if she'd like a cup of coffee .
tom asked me if i would be home this evening .
tom could never make me laugh the way you do .
tom doesn't have to go if he doesn't want to .
tom goes to bed at the same time every night .
tom has asked us to buy him something to eat .
tom has lived in boston for more than a year .
tom is the legal owner of this piece of land .
tom told me that he wants to meet my parents .
tom tried to tell mary what she needed to do .
tom wanted mary to bring him a cup of coffee .
tom wanted the job , but they didn't hire him .
tom will thank me for this one of these days .
we are working hard to make up for lost time .
we go to the movies together once in a while .
we had known him for five years when he died .
we have to be willing to take the first step .
we have to put off the game till next sunday .
we have to put right what we have done wrong .
we must continue to study as long as we live .
we really should buy a new car , shouldn't we ?
we regard him as the best player on the team .
we study the past for the sake of the future .
what do i have to do now that i'm registered ?
what do you think caused him to lose his job ?
what do you think you'd like to do next time ?
what else do you think tom is planning to do ?
what kind of fuel do you use in this machine ?
what kinds of goods do you sell in your shop ?
what should we do if he happens to come late ?
when the curtain went up , the stage was dark .
when they finally found him , it was too late .
when was the last time you got your hair cut ?
where can i go to buy art books and catalogs ?
who is sitting at the other end of the table ?
why don't you tell me what this is all about ?
why on earth did you take him to the station ?
will you tell me how long you have loved him ?
would it be all right if i visited you today ?
would you be kind enough to explain it to me ?
would you like go out for a drink after work ?
you are old enough to stand on your own feet .
you aren't going to call my parents , are you ?
you aren't going to tell my parents , are you ?
you can buy whichever you like , but not both .
you could go back to boston if you wanted to .
you have friends who can help you , don't you ?
you have no idea how important you are to me .
you have somebody you can talk to , don't you ?
you know i can't wait for you if you're late .
you must not lose sight of your goal in life .
you will be able to read this book next year .
you'll be asked why you want to be a teacher .
a chain is only as strong as its weakest link .
a long train of camels was moving to the west .
a lot of houses were washed away by the flood .
a man who speaks the truth needs a fast horse .
about how many days will it take to get there ?
any book will do as long as it is interesting .
apart from his parents , no one knows him well .
are you sure you want to go through with this ?
as we age , our ability to remember gets worse .
assuming your story is true , what should i do ?
at last , they reached the top of the mountain .
because of your advice , i was able to succeed .
calm down . i'll come over as soon as possible .
can i use my travelers' checks to pay the fee ?
can you believe it ? she's even lazier than me .
can you tell me when the next bus will arrive ?
can you tell me where the nearest bus stop is ?
can't you see it's bigger than the both of us ?
come and see me when it is convenient for you .
could you give me a lift to the train station ?
do you know the reason why the sky looks blue ?
do you think the road is wide enough for cars ?
don't ask me so many questions . use your head .
don't put the wallet on the top of the heater .
don't worry . we have plenty of water and food .
dr . skeleton is known for his study on ghosts .
even if it should rain , i will start tomorrow .
going out in this rain is out of the question .
he didn't know what to do with the extra food .
he fetched a few cushions to prop up her head .
he got into the habit of smoking in his youth .
he got lost while he was walking in the woods .
he is an honest man and will always remain so .
he is not always in the office in the morning .
he made an effort to get to the station early .
he opened the window to let in some fresh air .
he selected a pair of socks to match his suit .
he told me that he would wait till i returned .
he was going to leave the house when she came .
he was kind enough to take me to the hospital .
he was my student . now he teaches my children .
he was never to see his wife and family again .
he was very scared when he saw this big snake .
he went to see her while she stayed in london .
he went to the post office to mail the letter .
he will get his job back at the next election .
he will have left here by the time you return .
his aunt takes care of his dog during the day .
his family and his doctor urged him not to go .
how can i extract the audio from a video clip ?
how long did it take you to write this report ?
i apologize for coming by at such a late hour .
i asked her to make four copies of the letter .
i bought a bottle of beer at the liquor store .
i bought an eight - acre farm for my retirement .
i bought the novel on which the film is based .
i can spot a bleached blonde from a mile away .
i can't help you unless you tell me the truth .
i can't promise anything , but i'll do my best .
i didn't have the heart to tell him the truth .
i don't know whether the story is true or not .
i don't think i realized how much i loved you .
i don't think mary is as pretty as her sister .
i don't think your seeing him is good for you .
i figured it was better not to go without you .
i finally found out what was wrong with my tv .
i found what i was looking for in the drawers .
i got up early in order to attend the meeting .
i had never seen so many squirrels in my life .
i had never seen that kind of fish until then .
i had to wait twenty minutes for the next bus .
i have a feeling you'll be a very good lawyer .
i have been reflecting on what you said to me .
i have neither seen nor heard of such a thing .
i have no will power when it comes to dieting .
i have rather a busy afternoon in front of me .
i have to be home tonight before it gets dark .
i have to do my homework instead of going out .
i hear she is going to get married next month .
i heard that he gave himself up to the police .
i just need a few hours to finish this report .
i know better than to be believe such a rumor .
i know that i haven't been a very good father .
i know the reason why tom was angry with them .
i like the mountains more than i like the sea .
i lost the camera i had bought the day before .
i may not be able to cope with those problems .
i myself didn't have to go and meet him there .
i never thought i would find a woman like you .
i often think about the place where i met you .
i once saw a man walk barefoot over hot coals .
i parked on the street in front of your house .
i pay 30 euros for every visit to the dentist .
i promise you i won't do anything to harm you .
i ran into an old friend of mine this morning .
i still can't remember what tom told me to do .
i think i'm really in love for the first time .
i think he is the greatest artist of the time .
i think it's time for me to abandon that idea .
i think it's time for me to abandon that plan .
i think it's time for me to clean the chimney .
i think it's time for me to sharpen my pencil .
i think we can do this without any extra help .
i thought that my father was going to kill me .
i vowed that i would never speak to her again .
i want to know the truth about my son's death .
i want to leave this city and never come back .
i want to see you in my office this afternoon .
i want you to know that tom's important to me .
i want you to know what's true and what's not .
i was about to leave my house when she called .
i was absent from school because i had a cold .
i was so excited that i could not fall asleep .
i went to the hospital to have my eyes tested .
i will come up with a solution to the problem .
i will keep on smoking no matter what you say .
i will look after your cat while you are away .
i wonder where to hang the picture he gave me .
i would be very grateful if you would help me .
i'd be willing to do anything to get that job .
i'd like to make an appointment with dr . king .
i'll get my son to go instead of going myself .
i'll help you after work if i'm not too tired .
i'm asking you to do this because i trust you .
i'm looking for my passport . have you seen it ?
i'm moving , so i need boxes for my belongings .
i'm not above begging in order to get the job .
i'm not allowed to tell what you want to know .
i'm not the same fool i was fifteen years ago .
i'm sorry , but i don't speak french very well .
i'm sure i can find something for you to wear .
i'm sure my parents won't let me go by myself .
i'm trying to find a lawyer to handle my case .
i've learned to live with the pain in my back .
if anything happens here , can i depend on you ?
if it is fine tomorrow , we will play baseball .
if it rains , the excursion will be called off .
if you do your best , you're likely to succeed .
if you don't trust them , they won't trust you .
if you find a mistake , please leave a comment .
if your tooth hurts , you should see a dentist .
in japan , the new school year begins in april .
in fact , the opposite is more likely to occur .
in this town , there is only one train station .
instead of going to school , he stayed at home .
is it true that chicken soup will cure a cold ?
is this the reason you didn't want me to come ?
it is dangerous for you to swim in this river .
it is like looking for a needle in a haystack .
it is no use blaming him for the accident now .
it is too difficult a problem for me to solve .
it is very hard to live up to your reputation .
it never occurred to me that i might be fired .
it never occurred to me that i might be wrong .
it seems a cruel thing to clip a bird's wings .
it seems like we're going to be a little late .
it seems that she is not pleased with the job .
it takes about 15 minutes to get to my office .
it was careless of him to make such a mistake .
it was cheaper than i had thought it would be .
it was not long before we met again by chance .
it'll be easy to find a renter for this house .
it's going to rain . look at those dark clouds .
it's next to impossible to finish it in a day .
it's not easy for me to travel alone in japan .
it's one of the best books i've read in years .
it's quite clear to me that this is the truth .
it's the first thing that i do in the morning .
japanese love to soak in a hot tub before bed .
just pull the door shut . it'll lock by itself .
logic is the beginning of wisdom , not the end .
mary is one of the richest women in the world .
mother advised me to take a walk for a change .
my father tried to teach us the value of work .
my father used to read books to me at bedtime .
my friend asked me if i was feeling all right .
my friends dropped by to see me the other day .
my son is going to leave for france next week .
on hearing the bad news , she burst into tears .
our world is only a tiny part of the universe .
please pick me up at the hotel at six o'clock .
please send me a letter as soon as you arrive .
please turn off the light so that i can sleep .
please turn out the light so that i can sleep .
she is busy at present and can't speak to you .
she is now better off than when she was young .
she is very nervous and is always ill at ease .
she knew better than to tell him such a story .
she sent me a present in return for my advice .
she spends a major part of her income on food .
she suggested that i go to the store with him .
she was able to kill two birds with one stone .
she was advised by him on how to stay healthy .
she was born with a silver spoon in her mouth .
she was the first one to pay attention to him .
she went from place to place in search of him .
she went outside to get a breath of fresh air .
she went to see him in the hospital every day .
she wrote to her parents at least once a week .
since my mother was sick , i couldn't go there .
since you did the cooking , i'll do the dishes .
take your time . we have all afternoon to shop .
tell tom i don't know where he parked his car .
tell tom that he needs to wear a tie tomorrow .
that can't be mary . she's in the hospital now .
the barometer is falling . it is going to rain .
the boy next door fell head first from a tree .
the charge for a front row seats is 5 dollars .
the church is on the other side of the street .
the fact is that he didn't even take the exam .
the first time , she wasn't very firm with him .
the man you see over there is a famous writer .
the more books you read , the more you'll know .
the next meeting will be on the tenth of june .
the only thing we have to fear is fear itself .
the park is located in the center of the city .
the potato was so hot that it burned my mouth .
the product is vacuum - sealed to keep it fresh .
the shopkeeper went out of her way to help us .
the worst part is , it wasn't always like this .
there are a lot of tall buildings in new york .
there are lots of things i want to talk about .
there were a lot of young couples in the park .
there were no more than two books on the desk .
they went on a trip abroad for the first time .
think it over and let me know what you decide .
this car was so cheap that he could afford it .
this is the last time i'm going to remind you .
this is the palace the king and queen live in .
this is true of adults as well as of children .
this mountain has an altitude of 3 , 000 meters .
this road will lead you to the center of town .
to our surprise , she has gone to brazil alone .
tom and mary don't like the same kind of food .
tom bent down and picked up a handful of sand .
tom doesn't have what it takes to be the boss .
tom doesn't yet know whether he can go or not .
tom has been talking on the phone for an hour .
tom hasn't eaten a decent meal in a long time .
tom is an old friend of mine from high school .
tom is in prison for a crime he didn't commit .
tom is just a little bit shorter than mary is .
tom made quite a lot of money in his twenties .
tom opened the door and held it open for mary .
tom said he didn't know how to swim very well .
tom was fatter three years ago than he is now .
tom will spend the rest of his life in prison .
tom would just like to know what he did wrong .
try to find out if everything he said is true .
unfortunately , tom let the cat out of the bag .
unless you hurry , you will be late for school .
walking along the street , i met an old friend .
was it you that left the door open last night ?
we all jumped into the water at the same time .
we have a lot of english books in the library .
we have far better things to do with our time .
we should ask tom what he thinks we should do .
we will have lived here for a year next march .
what if someone killed tom ? what would you do ?
when is the last time you wrote a love letter ?
when was the last time you slept in this room ?
where did you get the money to buy that dress ?
who came up with that idea in the first place ?
who'll take care of the dog while we are gone ?
why don't we take some time to think about it ?
will you put down that paper and listen to me ?
will you tell him about it when he comes home ?
would you be willing to write a letter for me ?
would you care to come and see me on saturday ?
would you have time to fix this flat tire now ?
would you like me to get you something to eat ?
you and tom used to be friends . what happened ?
you can be pretty helpful when you want to be .
you can skate safely on this side of the lake .
you can stay in the extra bedroom if you want .
you can't be too careful when you drive a car .
you should cut up your meat before you eat it .
you should've let tom do what he wanted to do .
you were here just the other day , weren't you ?
you're going to be late if you don't hurry up .
you're the only person i know that owns a gun .
you're the only person i know who can help me .
you're too young to know what a slide rule is .
you're welcome to come with us if you want to .
you've got no alibi for the day of the murder .
a bad cold has kept me from studying this week .
a bat flying in the sky looks like a butterfly .
a good lie is easier to believe than the truth .
a lot of people are dealing with hay fever now .
a loud noise jolted me awake from a deep sleep .
a team is only as strong as its weakest member .
a truck was standing in the middle of the road .
all of my friends got asked to dance except me .
all the people who go to church believe in god .
all you have to do is apologize for being late .
although her house is nearby , i seldom see her .
are you the girl tom has been hanging out with ?
as far as i'm concerned , things are going well .
at any rate , he was satisfied with the results .
at the end of the speech she repeated the word .
can you tell me where the nearest pay phone is ?
do you know any good places to eat around here ?
do you know why he has been absent from school ?
do you think it's worthwhile ? i don't think so .
don't interrupt me ! can't you see i am talking ?
don't put the glass near the edge of the table .
don't trust him with such a large sum of money .
don't worry . i told you everything would be ok .
even though it's small , it's still a great car .
every boy and girl is taught to read and write .
everybody in the room let out a sigh of relief .
everyone voted for it . no one voted against it .
excuse me , sir , have you been drinking tonight ?
father took his place at the head of the table .
have you made up your mind to become a teacher ?
he decided to give up smoking once and for all .
he gave an excuse about why he had been absent .
he is second to none when it comes to debating .
he kept the invaders at bay with a machine gun .
he peeked inside , afraid of what he would find .
he picked up a mirror and looked at his tongue .
he said he had come to japan the previous week .
he told me that he wanted to leave the company .
he told me that he would visit nara next month .
he was delighted to know i had passed the exam .
he was taken care of by a certain young doctor .
he was the first man i interviewed for the job .
he will commit suicide if he can't see his son .
he writes to me less and less often these days .
her hair was so long that it reached the floor .
how far can you stick your finger up your nose ?
how is it that you're always so full of energy ?
how long does it take from here to the station ?
how long will it take me to finish my homework ?
i asked the villagers many times to let me die .
i called your office today , but you weren't in .
i can remember when you were just a little boy .
i can't help but laugh when i think about that .
i can't tell you exactly how long it will take .
i can't tell you how long i've waited for this .
i couldn't have done it without you . thank you .
i didn't even know that my car had been stolen .
i didn't know you still had friends at the irs .
i do not know the woman talking to our teacher .
i don't have enough money to buy a new bicycle .
i don't know when it happened , but it happened .
i don't see any reason why i have to apologize .
i don't want an apology . i want an explanation .
i figured a change of scenery might do us good .
i folded my shirts and put them in my suitcase .
i found it difficult to keep a diary every day .
i got a useful piece of information out of him .
i got up early enough to catch the first train .
i had been making the same mistake all my life .
i had my hair cut at the barber shop yesterday .
i have a friend whose father is a famous actor .
i have to check and see what the contract says .
i haven't read the final page of the novel yet .
i hit the snooze button and went back to sleep .
i just didn't want you to go there by yourself .
i just think you should be careful , that's all .
i know i'm not the brightest girl in the world .
i left home early so i wouldn't miss the train .
i like children . that's why i became a teacher .
i missed the train . i should have come earlier .
i never for a moment imagined that i would win .
i often go swimming at the beach in the summer .
i pulled an all - nighter preparing for the exam .
i sat behind a very tall person at the theater .
i saw yoshida for the first time in five years .
i shouldn't have to do all this work by myself .
i stayed home all day instead of going to work .
i suppose i've got to get my feet wet sometime .
i suppose that's why you don't like me so much .
i suspect they water down the beer in that pub .
i think it's time for me to ask for directions .
i think they should put a heavy tax on imports .
i think this must be the place where tom lives .
i think this tie will go great with that shirt .
i think we're going to have a very strong team .
i want this luggage carried to my room at once .
i want you to do something about it right away .
i was hoping i wouldn't have to work on sunday .
i was playing a game when i felt an earthquake .
i would rather walk than wait for the next bus .
i wouldn't object if you wanted to go with her .
i'd like to give this to somebody we can trust .
i'll take care of my parents when they get old .
i'm at the hospital . i got struck by lightning .
i'm not sure if it's a compliment or an insult .
i'm not used to talking to people i don't know .
i'm so drunk that i can't feel my face anymore .
i'm sorry . i'll do anything to make this right .
i'm sure that he will take part in the contest .
if you abuse your computer , it won't work well .
if you hadn't done it , someone else would have .
if you're going to do this , you'd better hurry .
it doesn't matter who says that , it's not true .
it is human nature to be bugged by such things .
it is not easy to speak naturally on the radio .
it is said that smoking is bad for your health .
it must be nice to have friends in high places .
it was one of the worst experiences of my life .
it was such a boring speech that i fell asleep .
it was the best thing that ever happened to me .
it's because i was asked to come that i'm here .
it's hard for him to live on his small pension .
it's not quite as difficult to do as it sounds .
let's get out of here before the cops get here .
my aunt lives in a lonely house in the country .
my colleague filled in for me while i was sick .
my dad thinks my boyfriend is a real whack job .
my mommy and daddy will love me no matter what .
my mother would freak out if she knew about it .
my name is tom and i'll be your server tonight .
my sister is thin , but i'm a little overweight .
my uncle lives in madrid , the capital of spain .
news of the recent blast is all over the radio .
no one can tell what will happen in the future .
paris is one of the cities i visited last year .
please lend me the video when you have seen it .
please turn off the light before you go to bed .
please will you close the door when you go out .
revenues are growing , but not as fast as costs .
she and i have about the same number of stamps .
she combed her hair and bound it with a ribbon .
she couldn't convince him to buy her a new car .
she didn't want him to go out with other women .
she feeds her dog the same thing that she eats .
she gave birth to a pretty baby girl last week .
she had a blue dress on at the party yesterday .
she is well known both in japan and in america .
she lost her money , her family and her friends .
she lost sight of her friend in the huge crowd .
she made it plain that she wanted to marry him .
she spends a lot of money when she goes abroad .
she spent a good deal of money on her vacation .
she started kissing him as soon as he got home .
she suggested that i give it to him right away .
she was advised by him to listen to her doctor .
she was brushing her hair in front of a mirror .
she was ready to help him with washing the car .
some guy named tom said he was looking for you .
sooner or later , the hostages will be set free .
strange to say , no one voted for the candidate .
that dog is exactly twice the size of this one .
that is insane . only a fool would believe that .
the army is in the north to protect the border .
the bell had already rung when i got to school .
the cause of death seems to be a gunshot wound .
the child came aboard the plane in a good mood .
the coffee was so hot that i couldn't drink it .
the electricity went out , but it's back on now .
the five of us stood in a circle holding hands .
the game was called off on account of the rain .
the girl was afraid to jump down from the roof .
the ice is not thick enough to hold our weight .
the main character dies at the end of the book .
the man couldn't so much as write his own name .
the man reading a paper over there is my uncle .
the movie is now showing at a theater near you .
the old man freed the little fox from the trap .
the older we grow , the less innocent we become .
the teacher told them not to swim in the river .
the trouble with you is that you talk too much .
the two girls wore the same dress to the dance .
there is a bench in front of the train station .
there was nothing but an old chair in the room .
there's a good view of mt . akagi from upstairs .
these grapes are so sour that i can't eat them .
they saw us as they were getting off the train .
they took a sample of my blood at the hospital .
they were in the right place at the right time .
they're not going to be able to find the hotel .
this book is so difficult that i can't read it .
this is the window which was broken by the boy .
this one has a lot of advantages over that one .
this song reminds me of someone i used to know .
this train will get you there in half the time .
to tell the truth , i'm tired of violent movies .
tom always tries to do what he thinks is right .
tom and mary are on good terms with each other .
tom and mary are planning a picnic at the lake .
tom and mary don't like the same kind of music .
tom and mary left boston at the end of october .
tom asked mary why she was buying so much food .
tom came on monday and went back the day after .
tom didn't have enough money to go home by bus .
tom didn't help mary as much as he should have .
tom doesn't have what it takes to be a teacher .
tom gave them a general idea of what he wanted .
tom gets angry when he doesn't get his own way .
tom has been told several times not to do that .
tom just told his wife that he was leaving her .
tom learned how to swim when he was very young .
tom persuaded mary to go to the party with him .
tom tried to convince mary to dye her hair red .
tom wanted mary to wait for him at the library .
tom will be absent today because he has a cold .
tom won't let mary do anything she wants to do .
tom's goal is to own a home before he's thirty .
we are going to have a party on saturday night .
we could go out together like we did last year .
we have left undone what we ought to have done .
we have no one but ourselves to blame for that .
we lost no time in sending him to the hospital .
we picked apples so we could make an apple pie .
we promised to stand by him in case of trouble .
we saw what looked like an oasis in the desert .
we should not despise a man because he is poor .
we were able to see the sunset from our window .
we'll get them to talk no matter what it takes .
we'll read this book until the end of the year .
we'll see what the judge has to say about that .
we're getting out of here . the cops are coming .
we're getting out of here . the storm is coming .
what are you planning to do after this is over ?
what would you do if you had a million dollars ?
when i saw her recently , she looked very happy .
when the bomb exploded , i happened to be there .
when your husband finds out , he won't be happy .
why don't you start by telling us how you feel ?
why don't you start by telling us what you saw ?
why don't you stay and drink some wine with us ?
would you like to go to the zoo this afternoon ?
you are the last person i expected to see here .
you do not have to take your umbrella with you .
you had better not use those four - letter words .
you haven't been a teacher very long , have you ?
you know where to find me if you need anything .
you must not get off the train before it stops .
you say you don't want to get your hands dirty .
you should allow an hour to get to the airport .
you should receive them by the end of the week .
you were dying , but the doctor saved your life .
you work too hard these days . aren't you tired ?
you've still got all your life in front of you .
young men such as you are needed for this work .
your breakfast is ready . don't let it get cold .
your feet will lead you to where your heart is .
your wife's on the phone . she says it's urgent .
a merchant is a person who buys and sells goods .
a small car is more economical than a large one .
a stranger is a friend you just haven't met yet .
a thief broke into the house to steal the money .
a woman whose husband is dead is called a widow .
an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure .
are you absolutely sure that it was tom you saw ?
are you closer to your mother or to your father ?
at present , the cause of the disease is unknown .
at this rate , we'll have to change the schedule .
because of the dense fog , nothing could be seen .
believe me , everything he's told you is a crock .
besides being a surgeon , he was a famous writer .
can you make sense of what the writer is saying ?
could you bring me a pillow and blanket , please ?
could you move forward so we can close the door ?
could you please tell me again why you are late ?
did you hear the news on the radio this morning ?
do you have the same thing in a different color ?
do you think you could make a little less noise ?
do you want to know where you made your mistake ?
don't go out in this heat without wearing a hat .
don't let his snide remarks get the best of you .
don't shout like that . i can hear you perfectly .
don't you think i know what people say about me ?
even with all his wealth and fame , he's unhappy .
even with his glasses , he doesn't see very well .
everybody in that family has a car of their own .
everybody knows that he lost his leg in the war .
excuse me , but would you please open the window ?
far from being pleased , my father is very angry .
fish such as carp and trout live in fresh water .
give me another couple of days to think it over .
he came across this old coin in an antique shop .
he devoted all his time to the study of history .
he didn't get in until 2 o'clock in the morning .
he fell asleep at the wheel and had an accident .
he is capable of running a mile in four minutes .
he is living with his friend for the time being .
he is the most obstinate child i have ever seen .
he left his parents when he was eight years old .
he looked back at us many times and walked away .
he never fails to write to his mother every day .
he smokes like a chimney and drinks like a fish .
he was proud that he was selected by the people .
he wishes he had gone to the theater last night .
he's a regular at the bars and pubs around here .
her gray hair makes her look older than her age .
his mother sat up all night waiting for her son .
hot lemon with honey is a good remedy for colds .
how do you know that tom isn't a native speaker ?
how do you know that you don't need a bodyguard ?
how long did it take you to translate this book ?
how long would it take to swim across the river ?
how many days does it usually take to get there ?
how many pennies does it take to make one pound ?
how much is the car that you're planning to buy ?
i always have two cups of coffee in the morning .
i appeal to you to contribute to the new clinic .
i assure you this is about much more than money .
i can remember when you were just a little girl .
i can't figure out why he didn't tell the truth .
i can't tell you how many times i've been there .
i can't tell you why she was absent from school .
i cannot help wondering if he will come on time .
i cannot put up with his bad manners any longer .
i closed the door so that they wouldn't hear us .
i didn't know tom was going to boston with mary .
i don't intend to get mixed up in your business .
i don't remember the last time i climbed a tree .
i don't think either of us wants that to happen .
i don't think this shirt goes with that red tie .
i have to learn many words and phrases by heart .
i have to take some photos for my class project .
i haven't felt like this since i was a teenager .
i haven't worked up the courage to tell her yet .
i hope everything will turn out well in the end .
i just can't get used to taking orders from tom .
i left my wallet at home on that particular day .
i moved to england from germany when i was nine .
i notice the sale prices are written in red ink .
i plan to study this afternoon after i get home .
i saw a man yesterday eating from a garbage can .
i saw some of the guests leave the banquet room .
i suggested that we bring the meeting to an end .
i think it natural for her to decline his offer .
i thought you were supposed to be at school now .
i want him to be informed about that in advance .
i want those reports on my desk within the hour .
i want to eat some korean food that isn't spicy .
i was bored because i had seen the movie before .
i was deeply affected when i heard of his death .
i was surprised at the news of his sudden death .
i will be working on my report all day tomorrow .
i will have lived here for ten years next month .
i withdrew some money from the bank for my trip .
i wore a hat yesterday because it was very cold .
i'd like to ask you the same question once more .
i'd love to know if my luggage is arriving soon .
i'll have to make amends to them for my mistake .
i'll never be able to do that without your help .
i'm going to do something by myself for a while .
i've made the same mistakes as i made last time .
if he is proficient in english , i'll employ him .
if it's raining tomorrow , we'll go there by car .
if you don't mind , may we inspect your suitcase ?
if you don't study harder , you'll fail for sure .
if you don't water the plants , they will wither .
in 1958 , brazil won its first world cup victory .
is it ok to drink alcoholic drinks in this park ?
is she so stupid that she believes such a thing ?
it has been over three years since i moved here .
it is said that the poor are not always unhappy .
it is said that treasure is buried in this area .
it occurred to him that he should start at once .
it occurred to me that my watch might be broken .
it seems that he believes what he said is right .
it takes more than one swallow to make a summer .
it was not until yesterday that i knew her name .
it was not until yesterday that i knew his name .
it was not until yesterday that i knew the news .
it was very sensible of him to reject the bribe .
it'll take some time to get used to living here .
it's been a long time since i last spoke french .
it's been a long time since i've seen you smile .
it's going to be great and exciting to be there .
let me know when you will arrive at the airport .
let me tell you about the origin of this school .
let's leave the matter as it is for the present .
let's wrap up this work now and go out drinking .
listen carefully to what i am going to tell you .
mary is going to open a gift from her boyfriend .
may i talk with you in private about the matter ?
men were attracted to her like moths to a flame .
my boss has the ability to read books very fast .
never put off to tomorrow what you can do today .
not knowing what to do , i telephoned the police .
our class has twenty - five boys and twenty girls .
paris is one of the largest cities in the world .
please tell me which bus to take to go downtown .
send in something to eat or i'll kill a hostage .
she advised him to walk instead of taking a bus .
she brought him to our place to meet my parents .
she held him tightly and never wanted to let go .
she hurt her foot when she fell off her bicycle .
she left me simply because i had a small income .
she listens to him even though no one else does .
she makes a point of going to church on sundays .
she stood transfixed as if she had seen a ghost .
she studies as hard as any student in her class .
she told me which clothes would be good to wear .
she was clever enough not to be deceived by him .
she wouldn't let him in the room no matter what .
she's a fixture at all the high - society parties .
sir , that cd is available only by special order .
some days seem to just drag on and last forever .
strangely enough , i didn't feel any pain at all .
that mountain is five times as high as this one .
that was one of the biggest mistakes in my life .
the bridge saved them a lot of time and trouble .
the cat chased the mouse , but couldn't catch it .
the contents of the box are listed on the label .
the cops threw tear - gas bombs into the building .
the doctor told her that she should take a rest .
the drunk driver had to spend the night in jail .
the flame flickered for a moment , then died out .
the girl went to school in spite of her illness .
the girl who is dressed in white is my fiancée .
the last part of the trip was across the desert .
the law will be effective from the 1st of april .
the majority of his income goes to pay his rent .
the man who i thought was my friend deceived me .
the minimum wage in okinawa is 642 yen per hour .
the moment she was alone , she opened the letter .
the older we get , the weaker our memory becomes .
the older we grow , the more forgetful we become .
the tall man wore a pink carnation in his lapel .
the time will come when you will know the truth .
the urban - renewal project is now well under way .
there are some people who think it's a bad idea .
there is little hope that she will come on time .
there used to be some big trees around the pond .
there was only a little milk left in the bottle .
there's a lot of wind this morning , isn't there ?
this is a problem you have to solve by yourself .
this is just a symptom of a much bigger problem .
this is the guide who took us around the castle .
this is the longest novel that i have ever read .
this is the person i talked about the other day .
this picture reminds me of when i was a student .
this problem may be solved in a variety of ways .
those pants are a little too tight in the waist .
to put it briefly , she turned down his proposal .
to tell the truth , i've already seen that movie .
tom and mary don't like the same kind of movies .
tom asked mary who had been the first to arrive .
tom broke the rules and was kicked off the team .
tom fell asleep and missed the end of the movie .
tom got an emergency call and had to leave work .
tom has been teaching me how to play the guitar .
tom is looking for a reasonably - priced used car .
tom isn't the only one here who's a good singer .
tom knew there wasn't much he could do about it .
tom lived the high life until the money ran out .
tom may have been in boston with mary last week .
tom wanted mary to know that he didn't hate her .
we have to memorize this poem by the next class .
we haven't seen each other for such a long time .
we hope to reach the summit before it gets dark .
we thought that we wouldn't be able to stop him .
we used to go to the movies on saturday evening .
what i was looking for was right before my eyes .
what are some foods you only eat in the evening ?
what do you spend a majority of your time doing ?
what kind of person would do that kind of thing ?
what makes you think that tom will listen to me ?
what matters is whether you do your best or not .
what were you dreaming about when i woke you up ?
what you do is more important than what you say .
when he retired , his son took over his business .
when he saw her letter , he felt somewhat uneasy .
when the bell rang , the teacher ended the class .
where do you plan to go on vacation next summer ?
why did you agree to spend the evening with tom ?
why do you think soccer isn't popular in the us ?
why don't we settle the matter once and for all ?
why don't you tell me how you think it happened ?
why don't you tell me why you think it happened ?
with any luck , there will be no school tomorrow .
would you be willing to share your code with me ?
would you like to see your husband grow a beard ?
would you mind carrying it up the stairs for me ?
you are not allowed to turn left on this street .
you burnt a hole in my coat with your cigarette .
you can go from washington to new york by train .
you may catch sight of our house from the train .
you should assume that tom won't help us at all .
you should not despise a man because he is poor .
you still haven't told me when you get off work .
you still haven't told me why you quit your job .
you will soon get used to the change of climate .
you won't even remember me a few years from now .
you'd be surprised what you can learn in a week .
a sneeze leaves your body at forty miles an hour .
a trip to hawaii will cost you about 200 dollars .
after the rain , there were puddles on the street .
all the money spent , we started looking for work .
all things considered , she is a fairly good wife .
anything that is too stupid to be spoken is sung .
anything the group decides is ok is fine with me .
close the door after you when you leave the room .
come closer and have a good look at this picture .
could you rewrite this sentence . it is not clear .
do you ever think before you open your big mouth ?
do you remember the day when we saw the accident ?
do you think this jelly's firm enough to eat yet ?
don't forget to pick me up at 6 o'clock tomorrow .
don't waste your time in a dead - end relationship .
don't you know that he passed away two years ago ?
during the rush hours in tokyo , traffic is heavy .
even god cannot make two times two not make four .
everybody is supposed to wear a tie at the party .
everyone is entitled to be moody once in a while .
except for leap years , february has only 28 days .
half of the world ’ s population lives in cities .
he began to work to get congress to reduce taxes .
he doesn't know how to write a letter in english .
he expected that their talk was going to be long .
he gave us an essay to write during the vacation .
he gets really testy when he doesn't get his way .
he had not even spoken to the president about it .
he had words with his friend and then struck him .
he hadn't eaten all day long and was very hungry .
he hurried up so that he wouldn't miss the train .
he is our teacher and a person we should respect .
he is working as a security guard at a warehouse .
he looked calm , but actually he was very nervous .
he returned home for the first time in ten years .
he squashed the insect with the heel of his foot .
he was determined to finish the work at any cost .
he was smiling as if nothing had happened to him .
he was surprised at the long - distance phone bill .
he went on to demonstrate how to use the machine .
he will have been working for five hours by noon .
he will make a business trip to london next week .
he wondered to himself why his wife had left him .
he's not smart enough to add numbers in his head .
here is a list of things you should avoid eating .
his birthday just happens to be the same as mine .
his salary is double what it was seven years ago .
how many hotels do you think there are in boston ?
how many years did it take to build the pyramids ?
how much longer do you suggest we devote to this ?
i always carry a bottle of mineral water with me .
i am counting on you to give the opening address .
i asked tom if he knew anybody who taught french .
i can understand why you don't want to eat there .
i can't bear the thought of her with another man .
i can't get at the exact meaning of the sentence .
i can't say i share your enthusiasm for the idea .
i can't tell you how much i appreciate your help .
i cut my finger while trying to open the package .
i didn't get a chance to introduce myself to her .
i don't have time to help you with your homework .
i don't know whether tom still lives here or not .
i don't understand what all of the fuss is about .
i have a friend whose father is a famous pianist .
i have a friend whose father is an animal doctor .
i have no will power when it comes to exercising .
i just felt like hearing the sound of your voice .
i kept him company while his wife was in surgery .
i like to add basil to season my spaghetti sauce .
i often visited the museum when i lived in kyoto .
i see no reason why i shouldn't accept her offer .
i shouldn't have to tell you to do your homework .
i slept all day yesterday , because it was sunday .
i spend a few hours a day maintaining my website .
i spent the whole evening trying to find my keys .
i think it's strange that he didn't speak to you .
i think it's time for me to start cooking dinner .
i think you had better stick to your present job .
i think you ought to pay more attention in class .
i use the internet as a resource for my research .
i wanted to know where the voice was coming from .
i wasn't able to remember the title of that song .
i will have spent all this money in three months .
i wish him the very best in his future endeavors .
i wonder what it is like to travel through space .
i would like to check yesterday's stock prices . . .
i'd be delighted if you could join us for dinner .
i'd like to explain this in a little more detail .
i'd like to know the exact exchange rate for yen .
i'd rather stay home than go out in this weather .
i'll be singing a song at tom and mary's wedding .
i'll be thinking of you every day while i'm away .
i'll go to paris when i have the money necessary .
i'm afraid we won't be able to help you tomorrow .
i'm anxious whether i'll do well at this new job .
i'm going to do an internship at a local company .
i'm going to stop trying to be friendly with you .
i'm so mad i want to scream and break everything !
i'm studying french because i need it for my job .
i've never seen so many birds at one time before .
if he had worked harder , he could have succeeded .
if it happens to rain tomorrow i'll stay at home .
if you have questions , don't hesitate to jump in .
if you want to participate , you have to register .
in the southern region , sales were up 47 percent .
in those days , sugar was less valuable than salt .
is it ok to drink beer on your university campus ?
it has been two months since my arrival in tokyo .
it is not necessary for us to attend the meeting .
it looks like your luggage is on the next flight .
it might sound like i'm complaining , but i'm not .
it seems that tom is unable to solve the problem .
it takes a lot of electricity to power a country .
it was not until yesterday that we knew about it .
it'll be easy to find someone to rent this house .
it's convenient for me to see you at ten tonight .
it's easier to make plans than to carry them out .
it's foolish for you to swim when it's this cold .
it's my custom to go for a walk before breakfast .
it's never too late to make amends for harm done .
it's very hard to see yourself as others see you .
judging from his appearance , he may be a soldier .
let's unfold the map on the table and discuss it .
london is one of the largest cities in the world .
look and see how much the cash register rings up .
make sure you stick together so no one gets lost .
mary had been knitting for an hour when i called .
may i call on you at your house tomorrow morning ?
my brother earns half as much money as my father .
my father was about to leave when the phone rang .
my grandmother lived to be ninety - five years old .
once upon a time , there was a beautiful princess .
please give me a pencil and some sheets of paper .
please let me pick up your sister at the station .
prizes will be awarded at the end of the contest .
shanghai is referred to as the paris of the east .
she advised him of the date for the next meeting .
she dumped him because she thought he was a jerk .
she followed him home to find out where he lived .
she got all the more angry because i kept silent .
she hid the secret from her husband all her life .
she is no longer the cheerful woman she once was .
she lost her father when she was three years old .
she makes excellent meals in the blink of an eye .
she pleaded with him to stay a little bit longer .
she stared at him and that made him very nervous .
she took off her glasses and put her contacts in .
she used to wash her hair before going to school .
she was able to solve the problem in ten minutes .
she was asked to convince him to paint the house .
sister , don't let this patient out of your sight .
some people laugh at his jokes , but others don't .
thanks to the bad weather , the game was canceled .
the beach is an ideal place for children to play .
the boy said that the taxi vanished into the fog .
the door swung open and tom walked into the room .
the food at that restaurant is too greasy for me .
the garden is separated from the road by a fence .
the history of china is older than that of japan .
the job earns him half a million yen every month .
the king and his family live in the royal palace .
the lamp was suspended from the branch of a tree .
the mayor presented him with the key to the city .
the older we grow , the poorer our memory becomes .
the only thing that matters is that you are safe .
the population of china is 8 times that of japan .
the rocket ought to have reached the moon by now .
the students are happy , but the teachers are not .
the weather was so cold that the lake froze over .
there are a lot of beautiful roses in our garden .
there are seven men and four women in my section .
there was a brazilian girl in my class last year .
there was a car accident near here , wasn't there ?
there's no need to panic . there's plenty of time .
there's really no reason for you to go to boston .
there's something i'd like you to take a look at .
they are hardly likely to come at this late hour .
they are used to the humid climate of the summer .
they came up with a plan after a long discussion .
they say that you never get over your first love .
they will tear down the old building in two days .
this is by far the tallest building in this city .
this is the largest temple that i have ever seen .
this is the pen that he signed the document with .
this one's crowded , so let's take the next train .
this part of the library is closed to the public .
this rug was made without the use of child labor .
this tastes a lot better than what i usually eat .
to make a long story short , everything went fine .
tom and i usually talked to each other in french .
tom and mary spent the night out under the stars .
tom didn't think he's ever get used to thai food .
tom doesn't have enough time for a cup of coffee .
tom doesn't want to go to such a dangerous place .
tom got out of the bathtub and dried himself off .
tom had his wallet stolen while he was in boston .
tom is our oldest child and mary is the youngest .
tom said he didn't even want to think about that .
tom said he'd like to have another cup of coffee .
tom seems to be able to speak french fairly well .
tom still isn't used to the way things work here .
tom takes the trash out every day at six o'clock .
tom told me he didn't take french in high school .
tom was arrested as a suspect in a criminal case .
we all knew that it would happen sooner or later .
we all need to learn to deal with this situation .
we are bound to each other by a close friendship .
we are still clinging to the dreams of our youth .
we demanded that she should make up for the loss .
we have a lot of good restaurants here in boston .
we have to bring our teaching methods up to date .
we hurried to the airport only to miss the plane .
we need a large amount of money for this project .
we pointed out to him the error in his reasoning .
we rented an apartment when we lived in new york .
we sat in lawn chairs and stared at the mountain .
we should make it if the traffic isn't too heavy .
what are some foods you usually eat with a spoon ?
what has made you decide to work for our company ?
what is the best way to learn a foreign language ?
what'll you do if i don't give you my permission ?
why don't you start by telling us where you went ?
winning a lottery is an easy way of making money .
would you be willing to help me clean the garage ?
would you like to go to the theater this evening ?
would you mind if we put this off until tomorrow ?
you can get from washington to new york by train .
you can't hurt me any more than you already have .
you must accept the king of spain as your leader .
you need to be careful when you're driving a car .
you promised me that you would take care of them .
you see that tall building over there , don't you ?
you've got to be crazy to do something like that .
a doctor tried to remove the bullet from his back .
a fallen leaf floated on the surface of the water .
a gang of three robbed the bank in broad daylight .
a poor rice harvest will get us into real trouble .
a trip to mars may become possible in my lifetime .
after they had finished their work , they went out .
all of the students have to wear the same uniform .
although i may be unhappy , i won't commit suicide .
at first , they were all convinced he was innocent .
black smoke spewed out of the third - story windows .
can i have the paper when you're finished with it ?
can you please tell me what time the train leaves ?
can you remember how slow the internet used to be ?
can you remember the first time we met each other ?
canada is really big and there are lots of people .
could you please tell me again who your father is ?
do you know where i might find small cowboy boots ?
do you think it's wise to wear your uniform today ?
do you want the long version or the short version ?
don't be so greedy or you'll wind up with nothing .
don't disappoint me the way you did the other day .
don't feel obligated to talk if you don't want to .
don't forget to turn off the gas before going out .
don't tell your father you want to become a clown .
every day my dad leaves for work at eight o'clock .
fill in this application form and send it at once .
for certain tasks , my computer can be very useful .
get me all the information you can on this matter .
have you heard from him since he left for america ?
have you seen a little girl with short black hair ?
he always gets home at six o'clock in the evening .
he betrayed us by telling the enemy where we were .
he confirmed that it was the wreck of the titanic .
he failed to become a cabinet member at that time .
he has to have his blood pressure taken every day .
he intimated that all is not well in his marriage .
he is one of the greatest scientists in the world .
he memorized that poem when he was five years old .
he never fails to write to his mother every month .
he never takes any notice of what his father says .
he used a headache as an excuse for leaving early .
he was angry because i wouldn't give him any help .
he was elected to the senate in the last election .
he was one of the unsung heroes of the revolution .
how much money did you spend on your last holiday ?
how old were you when your family moved to boston ?
i am sorry that she is absent from the conference .
i am surprised that she refused such a good offer .
i can't afford to shop at such an expensive store .
i can't believe you did all this without any help .
i can't believe you weren't as impressed as i was .
i can't understand why you are so critical of him .
i cannot help thinking that my son is still alive .
i copied a passage from the book into my notebook .
i didn't know tom could play the trombone so well .
i don't mind helping you clean up after the party .
i don't think there's any harm in telling you now .
i don't want to hear any more of your complaining .
i felt like singing loudly when the exam was over .
i felt my hands shaking and my heart beating fast .
i forgot my lunch and bought a sandwich at school .
i found a pair of sunglasses by the swimming pool .
i gained back the weight i'd lost over the summer .
i gave my sister a pearl necklace on her birthday .
i have a friend whose father is a famous novelist .
i have not had anything to eat since this morning .
i have nothing to say with regard to that problem .
i have the feeling you had something else in mind .
i have to keep my mind on this important question .
i hope we have better weapons than the enemy does .
i just want to tell tom before somebody else does .
i know you don't want to talk about what happened .
i made an appointment to see him at seven o'clock .
i managed to acquire the book after a long search .
i need to find something to open this bottle with .
i need to know everything that you know about tom .
i only have american coins in my pocket right now .
i read in the newspaper that he had been murdered .
i should go home before my parents start to worry .
i think it's time for me to confront that problem .
i think this project is moving on the right track .
i think your father hoped you would go to college .
i thought maybe i'd better not go home right away .
i understand now why he didn't go to a university .
i want my children to have the best of everything .
i want some beautiful flowers to put on the table .
i want to get tom something nice for his birthday .
i want to show you something i've been working on .
i wanted to make sure we didn't cause the problem .
i wonder what could have made him change his mind .
i wonder why people always want to know the truth .
i would buy this watch , except it's too expensive .
i wrote a song about what happened here last year .
i'd like tom to spend some time with our children .
i'd like to make an appointment to see the doctor .
i'll never forget having a good time with you all .
i'm going to wear these shoes on our date tonight .
i'm not the least bit worried about losing my job .
i've been looking for them for more than one hour .
if you can't solve this problem , ask your teacher .
if you're not careful , you might have an accident .
is it all right to take pictures in this building ?
it is extremely hot and humid in bali in december .
it isn't easy to understand why you want to leave .
it never occurred to him that she would get angry .
it never occurred to me that i might get arrested .
it was raining heavily when i got up this morning .
it was very hard for her to suppress her emotions .
it will only take a moment to answer the question .
it's an absolute waste of time to wait any longer .
it's supposed to rain every day for the next week .
it's thanks to his father that he owns this hotel .
let me take you to someplace where you'll be safe .
may i have your name and telephone number , please ?
my brother went to the united states to study law .
my father goes to sydney twice a year on business .
napoleon was exiled to the island of elba in 1814 .
never put off till tomorrow what you can do today .
nobody cares how much the dinner is going to cost .
once she starts talking , there is no stopping her .
one of my favorite tunes was playing on the radio .
our bike tour of the french alps lasted two weeks .
people are more educated now than they used to be .
please fill in your name and address on this form .
please turn off the light when you leave the room .
remember to mail the letter on your way to school .
she advised him to talk about his life in america .
she always lets her children do what they want to .
she asked him to help her father clean the garage .
she belted out tune after tune at the karaoke bar .
she couldn't convince him to write a song for her .
she had forgotten her umbrella so i lent her mine .
she helped her father with the work in the garden .
she made up her mind to graduate from high school .
she seems to have something to do with the affair .
she warned the children not to play on the street .
she was indignant at the way she had been treated .
she was ready to help him with cleaning the house .
she was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen .
she will make a business trip to london next week .
some birds are sitting on the branch of that tree .
some people say japan is a male - dominated society .
take your shoes off before you come into the room .
that house is the only one that survived the fire .
that tower you see over there is the eiffel tower .
that type of person almost never asks for a raise .
the kiso river is often called the rhine of japan .
the accent of this word is on the second syllable .
the actress said that she was engaged to a banker .
the architecture in this part of the city is ugly .
the big , yellow bus came hurtling down the street .
the boy who lives next door often comes home late .
the egg is a universal symbol of life and rebirth .
the green lampshade casts a warm glow in the room .
the guitar is so expensive that i can't afford it .
the loss adds up to more than one million dollars .
the more chocolate you eat , the fatter you'll get .
the mosque was torched in the middle of the night .
the only thing that matters is that you are alive .
the price of rice rose by more than three percent .
the time will come when your dream will come true .
the train had already left when we got to station .
the wedding will be held in a 17th century church .
the whale shark is the largest shark in the world .
there will be an energy crisis in the near future .
there's no reason for you to fear for your safety .
they aren't children any more , but not adults yet .
this is longer than any other bridge in the world .
those grapes look sweet , but in fact they're sour .
to my surprise , she could not answer the question .
tom and mary never took their eyes off each other .
tom asked mary whether she planned to swim or not .
tom asked me for more money than he really needed .
tom could barely hear what mary was trying to say .
tom doesn't believe a word of what mary just said .
tom doesn't brush his teeth as often as he should .
tom had bruises all over his body after the fight .
tom is living in a small apartment on park street .
tom isn't really as rich as everyone thinks he is .
tom isn't really sick . he's just pretending to be .
tom isn't the only one here that can speak french .
tom sent money to help mary care for her children .
tom skipped dinner saying he was too tired to eat .
tom wanted mary to stay at home with the children .
tom was stabbed to death by someone on the subway .
tom was there for me when i really needed someone .
tom's gotten fatter since the last time i saw him .
tomorrow , god willing , we'll be with your parents .
use your common sense in that kind of a situation .
we are sorry we are unable to accept your request .
we become very shorthanded at the end of the year .
we came to the conclusion that he should be fired .
we can't begin the meeting until we have a quorum .
we had less snow this winter than we had expected .
we had to gear our lives to the new circumstances .
we see each other at the supermarket now and then .
we wouldn't want to disobey the teacher , would we ?
what are some foods you usually eat with red wine ?
what did you think of the movies we saw yesterday ?
what number should i call in case of an emergency ?
what you are is more important than what you have .
when the last customer leaves , we close the doors .
women who seek to be equal with men lack ambition .
would you like to go camping with us next weekend ?
would you like to have dinner at my place tonight ?
would you like to have tea with us this afternoon ?
yesterday night , i shared a cab with paris hilton .
you can get a car license after you turn eighteen .
you can make your dream come true by working hard .
you look like somebody i went to high school with .
you should do all you can to help your neighbours .
you shouldn't have said that kind of thing to him .
you'd better go to see your family doctor at once .
you're the only person who ever comes to visit me .
a long spell of rainy weather is harmful to plants .
a meal without wine is like a day without sunshine .
a puppet does not know that it is being controlled .
a sensible man wouldn't say such a thing in public .
a sentence doesn't have to be long to be beautiful .
according to the newspapers , he will be here today .
besides being an actress , she was a famous painter .
better the devil you know than the devil you don't .
can you imagine what the 21st century will be like ?
can you jump over a chair from a standing position ?
can't you hear all the car horns honking behind us ?
can't you keep your dog from coming into my garden ?
canada and mexico both share a border with the usa .
coffee prices have jumped almost 50 % in six months .
do you have any children you haven't told me about ?
don't put off until tomorrow what you can do today .
don ’ t post drunk pictures on facebook or twitter .
everyone ought to be the master of his own destiny .
excuse me , does this train go to washington square ?
from our point of view , his proposal is reasonable .
he asked me to return the money to him immediately .
he finally made a name for himself as a politician .
he flinches whenever he hears a loud , sudden noise .
he has no right to interfere in our family affairs .
he is always dwelling on the pleasures of the past .
he is proud that his father was a famous scientist .
he wrote a book about his adventures in the jungle .
he's the new ceo from the parent company in france .
her condition took a turn for the worse last night .
his car spun out of control going around the curve .
his fake moustache started to peel off on one side .
how do you help someone who doesn't want your help ?
how do you remove red wine stains from your carpet ?
how many people does it take to change a lightbulb ?
i am surprised that your family has a japanese car .
i can't get over how different the weather is here .
i deal in facts and figures , not vague impressions .
i didn't know whether i wanted to go to university .
i don't even want to think about what could happen .
i don't really want to bother you with my problems .
i don't recognize any of the people in the picture .
i don't think that i deserved the punishment i got .
i feel terrible , but i've just broken your ashtray .
i fell in love with someone my parents didn't like .
i figured you wouldn't want to go there without me .
i find it difficult to express my meaning in words .
i found it necessary to get up early every morning .
i get nervous when i speak before a large audience .
i guess you think you're pretty special , don't you ?
i had a nice long chat with my girlfriend's father .
i had hardly reached the school when the bell rang .
i hate it when my clothes smell of cigarette smoke .
i have been living in canada for almost five years .
i have been working for this newspaper for 4 years .
i just don't want to have people thinking i'm weak .
i just posted a great picture of wombats on flickr .
i just want to know what i'm getting involved with .
i know a guy who goes fishing almost every weekend .
i live with my mother , brother and my grandparents .
i never for a moment imagined that i'd be homeless .
i never should've let you go home alone last night .
i ought to have consulted my parents on the matter .
i ran outside and the door locked itself behind me .
i suppose i'd better be more careful the next time .
i think a movie is more entertaining than any book .
i think it's going to get steadily hotter from now .
i think there's no point in trying to convince her .
i think there's no point in trying to convince him .
i thought for sure you would stay in japan forever .
i thought you didn't want to talk about this stuff .
i usually toss my loose change into my desk drawer .
i want to clean the house before my parents return .
i want to spend more time doing things that matter .
i want to talk with the manager about the schedule .
i will give you this bicycle as a birthday present .
i wish my girlfriend would spend more time with me .
i wonder how many horses died during the civil war .
i would rather you came on friday than on thursday .
i wouldn't ask this of you if it weren't important .
i'll get in touch with you again about this matter .
i'm glad to have this opportunity to work with you .
i'm going to deal with the problem in this chapter .
i'm going to explain all this in more detail later .
i'm pretty sure tom knows what he's supposed to do .
i'm sorry but i can't attend the meeting in person .
i'm trying to find the person who owns this guitar .
i've been learning how to write kanji with a brush .
i've never told anyone that my father is in prison .
if my brother hadn't helped me , i would've drowned .
if you can't have children , you could always adopt .
it doesn't work so well because the battery is low .
it has been her dream to be a university professor .
it looks like the thief came in through the window .
it may be unwise of you to advertise your presence .
it was believed that the sun went around the earth .
it would be prudent to worry about the details now .
it would seem that you know something that i don't .
it'd definitely be worth it to expand on your idea .
it's already eleven o'clock . i must be leaving now .
it's impossible to take on more work at the moment .
it's not natural for a mother to outlive her child .
let's not do anything that might get us in trouble .
my dream is to become a very strong mahjong player .
my father has been doing this job for twenty years .
my little sister sure knows how to push my buttons .
my mother made me study for three hours last night .
my sister dressed herself for the party in a hurry .
never go to a doctor whose office plants have died .
once upon a time , there lived a beautiful princess .
one of the main products of this country is coffee .
our office is on the northern side of the building .
please think it over and let me know your decision .
please write your name at the bottom of this paper .
refer to the users' guide if you have any problems .
see to it that this problem gets fixed by tomorrow .
she always fed her children before she fed her dog .
she became a mother when she was fifteen years old .
she can sing better than anybody else in her class .
she has three times as many dictionaries as you do .
she replied that she had never seen the man before .
she scrubbed the floor of the kitchen with a brush .
she speaks english as if she were a native speaker .
she told us that we must call a doctor immediately .
she tried to persuade him not to decline the offer .
she was kind enough to accompany me to the station .
she'll get the better of you if you aren't careful .
some people take a bath every day and others don't .
that child may have been kidnapped on his way home .
that's the most important thing to do at this time .
the amazon is fed by a large number of tributaries .
the president of the united states is now in japan .
the bat was stolen yesterday , along with the balls .
the best place to hide something is in plain sight .
the climate of canada is cooler than that of japan .
the cost of living in the united states was rising .
the following was inspired in part by a true story .
the hounds flushed the fox out of its hiding place .
the meeting will be held next week at the earliest .
the mere sight of the doctor made my cousin afraid .
the painting is not worth the price you are asking .
the thief used a screwdriver to break into the car .
the truth is that nothing is totally true or false .
the vaccination left a funny little mark on my arm .
the village is connected with our town by a bridge .
the voice actors did a excellent job on this movie .
the whistle of the steam train woke us at daybreak .
the young woman was carrying an infant in her arms .
there are cherry trees on both sides of the street .
there are nine girls and three boys in the library .
there has always been war and there always will be .
there is usually a cool breeze here in the evening .
there's no need for you to prepare a formal speech .
these are just guidelines , not hard and fast rules .
they don't know what they should do with the money .
they put off their departure due to the heavy snow .
they won us over with their small - town hospitality .
this climate is having a bad effect on your health .
this is a limited time offer to new customers only .
this isn't my umbrella . it belongs to someone else .
this song reminds me of my junior high school days .
to learn a foreign language requires a lot of time .
tom didn't eat pizza with the rest of us yesterday .
tom doesn't know what mary wants to eat for dinner .
tom dressed himself quickly , then ran out the door .
tom found the book mary had given him quite boring .
tom sold his car to mary for three hundred dollars .
tom will try to convince mary to accept your offer .
we all want to know why you weren't here yesterday .
we have five days to go before the summer vacation .
we have to be prepared to cope with violent storms .
we may as well stay here till the weather improves .
we now know that the testimony he gave was coerced .
we saw something move in the shadows just up ahead .
we should learn from those who have gone before us .
we were thinking of asking you to join our company .
what activity do you spend most of your time doing ?
what are some foods you usually eat with soy sauce ?
what on earth were you thinking , bringing him here ?
with a little more effort , he would have succeeded .
you must make an effort to get along with everyone .
you need to find another way out of this situation .
you should make sure that you don't make tom angry .
you should not cut in when someone else is talking .
you should not have gone to such a dangerous place .
you will save time if you adopt this new procedure .
you'll be asleep by the time your father gets home .
your answer to the question turned out to be wrong .
a man was complaining of something in a sharp voice .
along with thousands of others , he fled the country .
buying such an expensive car is out of the question .
can you please take this package to the post office ?
could you please give me some more examples of that ?
curiously , a flower bloomed on the withered up tree .
did you know that some foxes lived on this mountain ?
do you know which deity this temple is dedicated to ?
do you think a little salt would improve the flavor ?
don't you have anything better to do with your time ?
ecology is the study of living things all around us .
every year , many older people die in road accidents .
excuse me , what's the shortest route to the station ?
have you given any thought to having dinner with me ?
he buttoned up his coat before walking out the door .
he died within a few days of his hundredth birthday .
he expressed his feelings in the form of a painting .
he gave an explanation about why he had been absent .
he hasn't been heard from since he left the country .
he pinched and scraped for many years to save money .
he took charge of the firm after his father's death .
he would sooner die than get up early every morning .
he's studying hard so he can pass the entrance exam .
her husband wants to have his own way in everything .
his brazen act of defiance almost cost him his life .
how many times a week does the soccer team practice ?
how much did you spend on christmas gifts this year ?
i am counting on you to deliver the opening address .
i can't believe i let you talk me into volunteering .
i can't concentrate on my work because of the noise .
i can't do without an air conditioner in the summer .
i can't imagine what life would be like without you .
i can't look at this photo without feeling very sad .
i completely forgot to make something for us to eat .
i don't think i'll ever sound like a native speaker .
i don't think that tom realizes how rude he's being .
i don't understand what the author is trying to say .
i figured you'd probably never want to see me again .
i forgot to tell you why we're asking for donations .
i get a three percent commission on anything i sell .
i get very angry when you don't answer my questions .
i got an email yesterday that was written in french .
i hadn't intended to work at this company this long .
i have some doubts about his coming in this weather .
i have to alter my clothes because i've lost weight .
i hear that you are having an unusually cold winter .
i hope you have brains enough to see the difference .
i met your son yesterday and he greeted me politely .
i studied hard so that i could pass the examination .
i think the time is right to introduce this product .
i think you'd better lie low until she forgives you .
i thought you'd be full after eating that big steak .
i want to make sure i understand what you're saying .
i will get through with my homework before he comes .
i will have finished the work by seven this evening .
i wish there were a french translation of this book .
i wish there were a better translation of this book .
i wonder what the average weight of a strawberry is .
i'd like to talk to the coordinator of this project .
i'm hanging a picture of my grandmother on the wall .
i've been trying to get a little exercise every day .
if she'd known the results , she'd have been shocked .
if you're smart , you'll cash out while you're ahead .
it is often said that the japanese are hard workers .
it is probable that she will win the speech contest .
it only took us fifteen minutes to complete the job .
it rained yesterday , but it cleared up this morning .
it took him several weeks to recover from the shock .
it was difficult to persuade him to change his mind .
it was five years ago that i graduated from college .
it was his lengthy narrative that bored me to death .
it was not until recently that she changed her mind .
it was not until yesterday that i learned the truth .
it would be better if we didn't attend that meeting .
lake biwa could be seen from where we were standing .
large amounts of money were spent on the new bridge .
machines may one day think , but they'll never laugh .
mary felt like tom was undressing her with his eyes .
milk has to be kept at a relatively low temperature .
my hands were shaking too much to thread the needle .
my short - term memory is getting shorter and shorter .
my wife and i did our christmas shopping in october .
never in his life had he encountered such a dilemma .
nobody seems to have paid attention to what he said .
on the following day , we all had terrible hangovers .
one morning , she unexpectedly met him on the street .
please promise me that you'll never lie to me again .
please remember to mail the letter on your way home .
she had an unassuming air that put everyone at ease .
she is too young to understand that her father died .
she looked at me with tears running down her cheeks .
she makes sure that her family eats a balanced diet .
she sat next to him wishing she were somewhere else .
she showed him several books that were on the shelf .
she spends a little time each day reading the bible .
she spends over a third of her time doing paperwork .
she went to italy for the purpose of studying music .
she went to the hairdresser's to have her hair done .
someone should talk to him and tell him what's what .
that pretty bird did nothing but sing day after day .
the shinano is longer than any other river in japan .
the zulu tribe in south africa has its own language .
the climate here is very similar to that of england .
the climate of japan is milder than that of england .
the cop went through his pockets , but found nothing .
the couple separated , never to see each other again .
the decision whether i should see her is mine alone .
the following images are not for the faint of heart .
the front windshield of a car was smashed to pieces .
the girl closed her eyes and listened to the pastor .
the governor cut the tape and opened the new bridge .
the hikers were all but frozen when they were found .
the leaves on the trees have begun to change colors .
the national debt has trebled in the last ten years .
the natives saw an airplane then for the first time .
the prince asked the little girl why she was crying .
the shortage of manpower poses a big problem for us .
the situation is getting worse and worse day by day .
the teacher explained the meaning of the word to us .
the tornado left a trail of destruction in its wake .
the town was destroyed by the flood after the storm .
the use of this type of radio has become widespread .
the youth was arrested for being involved in a riot .
there are a lot of beautiful songs on these records .
there are some cases where this rule does not apply .
there is not much possibility of his coming on time .
there used to be an art museum in this neighborhood .
there's something i have to let you know right away .
they announced that they were going to have a party .
they hoped to sell the stocks at even higher prices .
they said that contact with the plane had been lost .
this is one of the most popular restaurants in town .
this is the most comfortable chair i've ever sat in .
this is the most massive structure i have ever seen .
this job shouldn't take more than a couple of hours .
this town hasn't changed much in the last ten years .
tom jackson is one of the best detectives in boston .
tom always makes fun of john because of his dialect .
tom and mary agreed to work together on the project .
tom and mary have decided to get married in october .
tom and mary were only thirteen when they first met .
tom came into the room without knocking on the door .
tom doesn't know what mary means when she says that .
tom doesn't like being told he's not old enough yet .
tom doesn't need to apologize . he did nothing wrong .
tom drinks at least three liters of water every day .
tom has donated a lot of money to various charities .
tom spends about an hour a day practicing the piano .
tom stopped at a convenience store to buy some milk .
tom was wearing his pajamas when he opened the door .
tom's thinking of moving so he'll be closer to mary .
unfortunately , i have to get up early every morning .
upon seeing what was happening , we decided to leave .
we gave a party in celebration of his 70th birthday .
we had to shut the window because of the mosquitoes .
we know very little about the cause of this disease .
we're going to have to make some very tough choices .
what answer did you come up with for question three ?
what are some of the health benefits of eating fish ?
what are you going to do during the summer holidays ?
what does this have to do with our current problems ?
what makes you so sure that this won't happen again ?
what proof do you have that he committed this crime ?
what sort of information do you get on the internet ?
when were you thinking of coming back to the states ?
why are there so many dishonest people in the world ?
with his new job , he's taken on more responsibility .
you have no right to pass judgement on these people .
you keep on making the same mistake time after time .
you still haven't told me what your phone number is .
a house without books is like a room without windows .
a husband and wife promise always to love each other .
a little reflection will show you that you are wrong .
a selfish man thinks of nothing but his own feelings .
a stay of execution was ordered at the eleventh hour .
a winter sport that many people enjoy is ice skating .
according to the newspaper , it's going to rain today .
after dinner , bring your guitar along and we'll sing .
agriculture was developed more than 10 , 000 years ago .
all humanity will suffer if a nuclear war breaks out .
anticipating a cold winter , we bought a bigger stove .
anyone over eighteen years of age counts as an adult .
babies grow up inside the amniotic fluid in the womb .
before we go anywhere , we should exchange some money .
buildings are much stronger now than they used to be .
cheese and other dairy products do not agree with me .
children like to pretend to be adults when they play .
could you please tell me where the nearest church is ?
do you eat spaghetti by twirling it around your fork ?
do you know why spring rolls are called spring rolls ?
don't act like you don't know what i'm talking about .
don't forget to bring your umbrella in case it rains .
everybody falls in love at least once in their lives .
he bribed that politician with a great deal of money .
he complains about one thing or another all the time .
he found it very hard to keep the conversation going .
he suggested that the meeting be put off till monday .
he was always pulling my leg when we worked together .
he wears expensive clothes and owns a lot of jewelry .
he went to austria for the purpose of studying music .
he wore a pullover sweater to keep from getting cold .
her husband eats everything she puts in front of him .
his warm way with people had made him hugely popular .
how do you know that light travels faster than sound ?
i am given a monthly allowance of fifty thousand yen .
i didn't know that soccer was such a dangerous sport .
i don't think i'd mind eating chinese food every day .
i don't want to bother you guys while you're working .
i don't want to think about what could have happened .
i forgot to shutter the windows before the storm hit .
i guess i don't understand what you're trying to say .
i hope something good happens before the day is over .
i just want some souvenirs to remember this place by .
i know that japanese songs are very difficult for us .
i must calculate how much money i'll spend next week .
i never realized how awful living all alone could be .
i noticed him sitting with his back against the wall .
i often spend my leisure time listening to the radio .
i saw something very bright fly across the night sky .
i shouldn't have eaten the whole bag of potato chips .
i shouldn't have walked home late at night by myself .
i talked to tom this morning just before the meeting .
i think tom came here to tell us something important .
i think it's impossible for him to solve the problem .
i think there's only a slim chance of that happening .
i wonder if prince william lets anyone call him bill .
i wonder if there's a market for something like that .
i worked in a post office during the summer vacation .
i would never consider building a house in this area .
i'm looking forward to seeing you in a wedding dress .
i'm not buying you another drink until you say sorry .
i'm not flexible enough to sit in the lotus position .
i've got a feeling that something is about to happen .
if it rains tomorrow , the excursion will be canceled .
it irritates mary when tom leaves the toilet seat up .
it is dangerous to ride a motorbike without a helmet .
it looks like we're going to be staying here tonight .
it's difficult to feel at home in a foreign language .
it's hotter here in the valley than in the mountains .
it's like a weight has been lifted from my shoulders .
last night there was a big fire in the neighbourhood .
last year , the company was sold to private investors .
laws differ from state to state in the united states .
let's not forget that tom is only thirteen years old .
many people in these parts have fallen on hard times .
mary pretended she was sick to avoid going to school .
more than 40 percent of students go on to university .
more than half the residents are opposed to the plan .
my driver's license expires at the end of this month .
my father has been in good shape since his operation .
my father was about to leave when the telephone rang .
my grandpa believes that the moon landing was a hoax .
my house is only five minutes' walk from the station .
my hubby and i used to go mountain climbing together .
no extremely fat man has ever attempted such a thing .
no one is working . everyone's watching the world cup .
not everything that you read on the internet is true .
please fill out this questionnaire and send it to us .
please push this button at once in case of emergency .
seen from the plane , the island looks very beautiful .
several guys were hanging around in front of the bar .
she advised him not to borrow money from his friends .
she became more and more beautiful as she grew older .
she explained to him why she didn't like his parents .
she sang the song with tears running down her cheeks .
some tv programs are interesting , and others are not .
some students looked at her with tears in their eyes .
sometimes i can't really grasp the meaning of a word .
students should make use of the books in the library .
that's not something i want to think about right now .
the boy fell off the bicycle and fractured his skull .
the bus stopped suddenly in the middle of the street .
the car won't start because the battery has run down .
the girl was sobbing in the corner of the schoolroom .
the mechanic fixed my car without charging me a dime .
the office where my father works is near the station .
the older one grows , the weaker one's memory becomes .
the problem is that solar energy just costs too much .
the rumor that they would get married spread at once .
the same thing could be said about many other people .
the speed of the spread of aids is horrifyingly fast .
the teacher lined the children up in order of height .
the universe was born more than 12 billion years ago .
there's a rumor going around that you two are dating .
they killed tom as an example to the other prisoners .
they think the owner of the house is studying abroad .
this app automatically signs you in when you open it .
this camera is the one that tom bought last thursday .
this is the restaurant where we had dinner last week .
this report is badly written and is full of mistakes .
tom always dresses in black or some other dark color .
tom doesn't even let his daughter go out on weekends .
tom finished his chores and then he did his homework .
we all mourned for the people killed in the accident .
we need to think together about the future of europe .
we took advantage of the fine weather to play tennis .
we were granted the privilege of fishing in this bay .
we're in the second week of an unrelenting heat wave .
what time does the shuttle bus leave for the airport ?
when her husband died , she felt like killing herself .
would you like to take part in this risky experiment ?
you can never tell how long these meetings will last .
you might want to have someone look into that matter .
you ought to keep working while you have your health .
you pay for the convenience of living near a station .
you should look after the children from time to time .
you should look over the contract before you sign it .
you shouldn't eat any fish that come from this river .
you sound like you don't want to be an archaeologist .
you'll strain your eyes trying to read in this light .
a contract with that company is worth next to nothing .
according to the weather report , it will snow tonight .
are you sure you want to leave without saying goodbye ?
being deeply thankful , he tried to express his thanks .
call me if you want to do something together tomorrow .
can you remember the first time you heard the beatles ?
could you please pull the weeds and water the flowers ?
did you catch anything the last time you went fishing ?
do you have an extra english dictionary by any chance ?
do you really want this information to be made public ?
don't let me catch you doing anything like this again .
far from hesitating , she willingly offered to help me .
father comes home from work about nine in the evening .
generally speaking , men can run faster than women can .
going out drinking with the guys makes him feel macho .
have you already told tom about what happened to mary ?
he brought food to his guest and provided him shelter .
he could show his feeling with music instead of words .
he couldn't fulfill the promise he made to his father .
he fumbled with the keys before finding the right one .
he graduated from some rinky - dink college in oklahoma .
he gritted his teeth and forced back his growing fear .
he has a lot of difficulty seeing without his glasses .
he made use of the opportunity to improve his english .
he read the letter with tears running down his cheeks .
he was so immature , he couldn't resist the temptation .
he went to art school to study painting and sculpture .
he'll have many hardships to go through in the future .
he's somewhat hard of hearing , so please speak louder .
her mind is filled with dreams of becoming an actress .
his wife is worn out after looking after the children .
how can anyone sleep with all this commotion going on ?
how long has it been since you've seen your boyfriend ?
how many times a minute does the average person blink ?
how much money do you spend on textbooks per semester ?
i am convinced that things will change for the better .
i can't believe we haven't run into each other before .
i can't believe you don't want butter on your popcorn .
i can't put up with the inconvenience of country life .
i changed the arrangement of the furniture in my room .
i found it difficult to understand what he was saying .
i found this book by chance in a secondhand bookstore .
i imagine that you went through a lot of difficulties .
i know an american girl who speaks japanese very well .
i saw him walking around town wearing his sunday best .
i think you're the most beautiful girl i've ever seen .
i took him to the most expensive restaurant on campus .
i watched baseball on tv after i finished my homework .
i went there for the express purpose of earning money .
i wonder why some people think black cats are unlucky .
i would appreciate any information you can send to us .
i would like to thank you for accepting my invitation .
i'll be raising my prices by three percent next month .
i'm going to study for the final exams this afternoon .
i'm looking for the perfect spot to hang this picture .
i'm not quite happy with the wording of this sentence .
i've already spent all my pocket money for this month .
i've been debating whether i should mention it or not .
if there were no telephones , it would be inconvenient .
in front of the university , there are some bookstores .
in most countries , teachers do not receive high wages .
is there a particular way i'm supposed to address you ?
is there anything special you want to do this weekend ?
is there something in particular that you want to eat ?
is there something in particular that you want to see ?
it doesn't matter who pitches , that team always loses .
it is questionable whether this data can be relied on .
it's a very small price for such an important victory .
just remember i dropped everything to be here for you .
many people prefer to cook with butter instead of oil .
more than 40 percent of the students go to university .
my doctor has advised me to stop taking this medicine .
my grandpa is out of step with the younger generation .
nothing we have done today has gone according to plan .
people who talk about themselves all the time bore me .
plastic surgery alone will not make you any less ugly .
please don't lean out of the window when we're moving .
salt was a rare and costly commodity in ancient times .
she covered the mouthpiece of the phone with her hand .
she had changed so much that i couldn't recognize her .
she has had the same boyfriend since she was eighteen .
she lives in the same house her grandparents lived in .
she was cleaning the house in preparation for a party .
slavery has been abolished in most parts of the world .
the car stalled because you didn't step on the clutch .
the challenges are daunting , but we can overcome them .
the coat i wanted was priced at three hundred dollars .
the cold weather slowed the growth of the rice plants .
the floorboards creak a bit when you walk across them .
the girl got distracted and lost sight of her parents .
the number of fish in the ocean is steadily declining .
the only person who doesn't seem to understand is you .
the pilot explained to us why the landing was delayed .
the police arrested the man who had murdered the girl .
the public is clamoring for more jobs and lower taxes .
the temperature has been below zero for many days now .
the treaty did not ban nuclear tests under the ground .
there are some things that you should never try doing .
there's no way to predict what you will dream tonight .
there's something i need to tell you before you leave .
they are very proud of being students of that college .
they explored every avenue in an attempt to avoid war .
they hate each other from the bottoms of their hearts .
they went to edinburgh to escape from the summer heat .
this is considered to be a matter of great importance .
this sentence is not a translation . it's the original .
this sentence needs to be checked by a native speaker .
tom became anorexic when he was a high school student .
tom doesn't even know why he was expelled from school .
tom drank three bottles of wine by himself last night .
tom had his wife mary followed by a private detective .
tom said he was looking for someone who speaks french .
tom turned off the engine and shut off the headlights .
tom's garage is filled with things that he never uses .
we are fully aware of the importance of the situation .
we don't want anything like that to ever happen again .
we followed him single file till we reached the cabin .
we've got to find tom before he does something stupid .
what are some foods you usually eat with your fingers ?
what surprised me most was that she didn't like candy .
which team is the most likely to win the championship ?
why does he become drowsy whenever he begins to study ?
you need to attach your photo to the application form .
you're the second person that's said that to me today .
a liter of milk contains about thirty grams of protein .
a person's face tells a great deal about his character .
a railway bridge is already being built over the river .
a relationship based on total honesty is bound to fail .
according to the papers , the man has finally confessed .
all in all , the international conference was a success .
are there any liquids or sharp objects in your luggage ?
are you sure you don't want to consider another option ?
because of that virus , many elephants lost their lives .
better to extend an olive branch than launch a missile .
books are for people who wish they were somewhere else .
can you remember the first word you learned in english ?
do we need to bring our dictionaries to class tomorrow ?
do you think that eating with your family is important ?
eating too much fat is supposed to cause heart disease .
education is one of the most essential aspects of life .
every student was asked his or her name and birthplace .
four people were in the car when the accident happened .
he negotiated a lower price with the real estate agent .
he pretends to be enthusiastic when his boss is around .
he received a telegram saying that his mother had died .
he will take over the business when his father retires .
i always have a look at the newspaper before breakfast .
i am terribly busy because the report deadline is near .
i can't swallow these tablets without a drink of water .
i do not understand the exact meaning of this sentence .
i feel completely restored after a week in the country .
i have an early memory of my grandmother darning socks .
i have nothing in particular to say about this problem .
i know you're probably mad about what i said yesterday .
i know you've got more important things to think about .
i listened but couldn't make out what they were saying .
i must admit that i don't like contemporary music much .
i never answer email messages from people i don't know .
i never see this picture without thinking of my father .
i received a telegram saying that my uncle had arrived .
i strongly advise you to take this medicine right away .
i studied english for four years with a native speaker .
i suppose everyone thinks i'm being a little too picky .
i think it's very likely that they'll arrive next week .
i thought we'd try that new restaurant down the street .
i used to dream about being able to breathe underwater .
i was disappointed when i heard that you couldn't come .
i'll need at least three days to translate that thesis .
i'm too tired to concentrate on this problem right now .
if tom ate more vegetables , he'd probably be healthier .
if you think you're someone , you stop becoming someone .
in what kind of situations would you use that sentence ?
is there something in particular that you want to hear ?
is there something in particular that you want to know ?
it goes without saying that honesty is the best policy .
it goes without saying that nobody can come between us .
it's not like you're going to get arrested or anything .
it's unlikely that a hacker could get into our website .
just think about how you'd feel in a similar situation .
kissing a person who smokes is like licking an ashtray .
life imitates art more often than the other way around .
little lights were blinking on and off in the distance .
main street was blocked off all morning for the parade .
most shops near the school are closed on saturdays now .
my friend copied my homework and the teacher found out .
my sister works at the united states embassy in london .
nowadays , almost every home has one or two televisions .
our school prohibits us from going to the movies alone .
our teacher doesn't just speak english , but french too .
part of this conviction is rooted in my own experience .
prince william is second in line to the english throne .
she came to japan for the purpose of studying japanese .
she interrupted him while he was speaking to my father .
she makes it a point to always arrive fashionably late .
she spends more time thinking about work than doing it .
she'll be having dinner with him at this time tomorrow .
so difficult was the question that no one could answer .
stores are closed in the afternoon because of the heat .
the japanese attacked pearl harbor on december 7 , 1941 .
the brave fireman rescued a boy from the burning house .
the locomotive was pulling a long line of freight cars .
the man never told the police what his destination was .
the number of people who go abroad has been increasing .
the plane should have arrived at kansai airport by now .
the population of japan is larger than that of britain .
the population of tokyo is greater than that of london .
the storm kept us from searching for the missing child .
the train was held up because of the railroad accident .
the view from the top of the mountain was breathtaking .
there are turtles that are more than two centuries old .
there has been a rash of burglaries in my neighborhood .
they asked a lot of questions about my past experience .
they decided on the date and location of their wedding .
those who live in glass houses should not throw stones .
tom can't speak french . mary can't speak french either .
tom doesn't like it when mary criticizes him in public .
tom found out mary was stealing from the cash register .
tom kept on talking even though mary had fallen asleep .
tom told mary that she shouldn't walk alone after dark .
we are looking for someone who is proficient in french .
we exchanged phone numbers at the end of the gathering .
we have to transmit our culture to the next generation .
we have yet to discover an effective remedy for cancer .
we were amazed at the excellence of the boy's drawings .
we were mesmerized by the pulsating glow of the embers .
what are some foods you usually eat with your children ?
what's the most convenient way to get to tokyo station ?
women eat lighter meals when they're eating with a guy .
words cannot express the extent to which you are wrong .
you are not permitted to bring dogs into this building .
you can't accuse him of stealing unless you have proof .
you can't just walk in here and start dictating policy .
you had better not tell your father about the accident .
you'd be amazed how much time tom spends playing games .
a french translation of this book was published in 2013 .
a loophole in the law allowed him to escape prosecution .
a lot of students around the world are studying english .
according to the newspaper , he participated in the plot .
both boys and girls should take cooking class in school .
don't be afraid to make mistakes when you speak english .
due to the worsening weather , the departure was delayed .
gasoline costs more in france than in the united states .
he enjoys wandering around the forest in his spare time .
he has dedicated his life to the preservation of nature .
he is complaining about something or other all the time .
he never travels without taking an alarm clock with him .
he testified that no money changed hands at the meeting .
he took a deep breath before entering his boss's office .
he who thinks he has learned enough has learned nothing .
her slurred speech was an indication that she was drunk .
i agree with the opinion that real estate is overpriced .
i always confuse which side is port and which starboard .
i haven't told the kids yet that we're getting divorced .
i heard about the accident for the first time yesterday .
i heard her speaking english as fluently as an american .
i never imagined we'd be talking about this topic today .
i really need to catch the first train tomorrow morning .
i saw some small animals running away in all directions .
i suggest keeping your opinions to yourself from now on .
i thought we'd agreed that you wouldn't do that anymore .
i'd like to give tom something special for his birthday .
i'm going to prepare for the final exams this afternoon .
i'm surprised that tom doesn't know how to speak french .
is there something in particular that you want to drink ?
is there something in particular that you want to learn ?
is there something in particular that you want to study ?
is there something in particular that you want to watch ?
it's difficult to help people that don't want your help .
it's not fair to attribute your failure to your parents .
japan has caught up with europe and america in medicine .
let's see how the negotiations pan out before we decide .
lincoln set out to abolish slavery in the united states .
many big projects will be completed in the 21st century .
mary had some weird food cravings when she was pregnant .
most of the food we buy in supermarkets is overpackaged .
most people think computers will never be able to think .
my brother would often stay up all night reading novels .
my daughter's getting all gussied up for her first date .
our sphere of influence has expanded so much since then .
people tend to raise their voices when they get excited .
please forgive me for not having written to you earlier .
please remember to wake me up at seven tomorrow morning .
please wait until we get the results of the examination .
she has no chances of coming in contact with foreigners .
she took advantage of her paid vacation and went skiing .
some people think the government has way too much power .
sorry i couldn't come over yesterday . something came up .
supplies were trucked in from as far away as california .
the japanese take off their shoes when entering a house .
the milky way consists of about a hundred billion stars .
the audience could hardly wait for the concert to begin .
the burglar gained access to the house through a window .
the last two lines of the document are mostly illegible .
the only thing that matters is that you weren't injured .
the police stepped up their efforts to catch the rapist .
the regulation was abolished , but then it was reenacted .
the sort of information we need is not always available .
there are a lot of abandoned houses in the neighborhood .
these clothes are not appropriate for a cold winter day .
they celebrated his success by opening a bottle of wine .
they liked having more space for their children to play .
they were so frightened that they couldn't move an inch .
they're hoping the wheat harvest will be good this year .
this is the largest dictionary there is in this library .
those present at the meeting were surprised at the news .
today is the fifth day of continual stock price decline .
tom and mary got back together after a trial separation .
tom can't speak french without making a lot of mistakes .
tom has willingly done everything we've asked him to do .
tom likes boston better than any other place he's lived .
tom noticed mary wasn't wearing the ring he'd given her .
we are going to have an examination in english tomorrow .
we arrived at the airport three hours before our flight .
we desperately need more money to help fund our project .
we don't have enough information yet to make a decision .
we have not been notified about their change of address .
we received instructions on how to make a bamboo basket .
when your resources are limited , you have to prioritize .
where they burn books , they will eventually burn people .
which writing system is the most difficult in the world ?
why don't you and i continue this discussion in private ?
you can't change people . they have to change themselves .
you must hand in your homework by thursday without fail .
you should assume that anything you do online is public .
you should spend more time outside and less time inside .
your mother must have been beautiful when she was young .
a flu shot contains antibodies that fight the h1n1 virus .
a pot belly is an occupational hazard for office workers .
according to the weather forecast , it will snow tomorrow .
all humans on earth are descended from a common ancestor .
considering everything , my father's life was a happy one .
do you believe our destinies are controlled by the stars ?
do you know where the nearest american express office is ?
do you think tom would consider dating my younger sister ?
don't forget to tip the porter for carrying your luggage .
don't hesitate to ask a question if you don't understand .
don't hesitate to take the opportunity to propose to her .
don't waste your youth , otherwise you'll regret it later .
every year , hawaii moves ten centimeters closer to japan .
everyone is hoping nothing bad will ever happen in japan .
everyone would like to believe that dreams can come true .
for every action there is an equal and opposite reaction .
has anyone ever told you you've got serious trust issues ?
he stared at that detailed miniature model of a dinosaur .
he tried getting close to her using every means possible .
her unhappiness turned to bliss when she heard his voice .
his height is a great advantage when he plays volleyball .
i didn't understand much of what they were talking about .
i don't like to inhale someone's smoke while i'm working .
i have nothing in particular to say about this situation .
i hope that my sister will pass the entrance examination .
i really do hope that you'll do that without complaining .
i thought you of all people would understand my decision .
i would never forgive myself if anything happened to you .
i've spent way too much time thinking about this problem .
it has happened before and it will probably happen again .
it was the coldest inaugural day in the nation's history .
it's annoying to hear people talking loudly in a library .
it's been a while since i've eaten anything with mustard .
many people feel that gold is the most secure investment .
mastering a foreign language requires a lot of hard work .
my father bought me a digital watch for birthday present .
my parents are opposed to my sister marrying a foreigner .
my school is getting ready for the campus music festival .
my son loves to throw temper tantrums in the supermarket .
never choose a vocation just because the hours are short .
nothing is more disappointing than to lose in the finals .
polish girls didn't want justin bieber to come to poland .
quite a few people were present at the meeting yesterday .
she became scared when she noticed the man following her .
she doesn't want him to buy an expensive engagement ring .
she was looking forward to playing table tennis with him .
some students were sitting on the bench and having lunch .
something very unusual seems to be happening in the park .
space travel will be commonplace some time in the future .
tell me the reason you were absent from school yesterday .
that time table gives the hours of arrival and departure .
the court condemned the man to death by lethal injection .
the defendant was found not guilty by reason of insanity .
the government made no move to solve the housing problem .
the military quashed the revolt within a matter of hours .
the most beloved people in the world are the spontaneous .
the students must not enter the teachers' room this week .
the traffic accident deprived the young man of his sight .
there are beautiful flowers here and there in the garden .
these flowers aren't only beautiful , but they smell nice .
they kicked him out of the disco without any explanation .
this company is indifferent to the safety of its workers .
to my surprise , the anthropologist was accused of murder .
today it's very sunny , so everyone is wearing sunglasses .
tom didn't know why mary needed to borrow thirty dollars .
tom doesn't have enough money to buy everything he needs .
tom finished writing the report in less than three hours .
tom says that mary definitely doesn't want to be married .
tom spent the remainder of the night thinking about mary .
tom was surprised how well mary could play the saxophone .
we have something very important that we have to discuss .
we have something very important that we need to discuss .
we were taught that newton discovered the law of gravity .
we're thinking of adding on another bedroom to the house .
which air conditioner do you think is the most efficient ?
you have no right to interfere in other people's affairs .
you've done nothing but complain ever since you got here .
a dreary landscape spread out for miles in all directions .
a nuclear war will bring about the destruction of mankind .
a passenger fainted , but the stewardess brought him round .
all the members were not present at the meeting yesterday .
apart from a few mistakes , your composition was excellent .
can you help me to translate these sentences into chinese ?
children need love , especially when they don't deserve it .
children walk around from door to door on halloween night .
clerks with sticky fingers won't keep their jobs for long .
do you think that eating breakfast every day is important ?
don't be afraid of making mistakes when you speak english .
don't forget to attach your photo to the application form .
farmers defaulting on loans had to auction off their land .
fortunately , the shark bite didn't hit any major arteries .
he claimed that the enormous property was at his disposal .
he could always tell which direction the wind was blowing .
he had his license taken away because of reckless driving .
he never forgot his ambition to become a great politician .
he picked up a butterfly between his thumb and forefinger .
he stayed home from school because he wasn't feeling well .
he tried getting closer to her using every possible means .
i had difficulty convincing her of the dangers of smoking .
i have never let my schooling interfere with my education .
i looked up his telephone number in a telephone directory .
i think beethoven is the greatest composer who ever lived .
i wish tom wouldn't keep telling everyone i'm his brother .
i'd better do something before the problem gets any worse .
i'm really impressed with the way tom plays the saxophone .
i've never witnessed so much debauchery in my entire life .
it is difficult to translate a poem into another language .
it was the increase in population that caused the poverty .
it's easier to ask for forgiveness than to get permission .
just because you can do something doesn't mean you should .
last night an explosion took place at a fireworks factory .
let me congratulate you on your victory in the tournament .
many criminals in the united states are addicted to drugs .
my father brags about never having had a traffic accident .
my grandmother on my father's side has turned one hundred .
my little brother ran through the living room stark naked .
never choose a new vocation just because you are restless .
new facts about ancient china have recently come to light .
people are sometimes tempted to eat more than they should .
please replace the empty ink jet cartridge in the printer .
sea turtles always return to the beach where they hatched .
the guards found a hacksaw blade in the prisoner's pocket .
the train will probably arrive at the station before noon .
there is only space for thirty students in this classroom .
they seemed to be discussing a matter of great importance .
tom called to say that he couldn't attend today's meeting .
tom caught mary stealing his money from the cash register .
tom practices the piano at least thirty minutes every day .
tom spent most of the morning straightening up his office .
tom's reaction was the opposite of what mary had expected .
ukrainian girls are the most beautiful girls in the world .
we discussed the matter from an educational point of view .
we enjoyed watching the fireworks on a bridge last summer .
we learned about the importance of eating a healthy lunch .
you don't fall in love with somebody because he's perfect .
you must concentrate your attention on what you are doing .
a passenger fainted , but the stewardess brought him around .
a slip of the tongue often brings about unexpected results .
a strong wind severed the electric wires in several places .
can you imagine what life would be like without television ?
country life is very peaceful in comparison with city life .
demand for imported cars is increasing due to lower prices .
every author suffers from writer's block from time to time .
have you finished writing that song you've been working on ?
i'll afraid this kind of meeting isn't getting us anywhere .
it is difficult for foreign students to speak english well .
japan is a country that is completely surrounded by oceans .
leaving something unfinished is the worst thing you can do .
man has a great capacity to adapt to environmental changes .
more students apply to the university than can be accepted .
most souvenir shops are filled with worthless knick - knacks .
my grandfather sometimes talks to himself when he is alone .
my small bladder has me constantly running to the bathroom .
she advised him not to believe everything the teacher says .
the bad weather delayed the plane's departure by two hours .
the demonstration at city hall started getting out of hand .
the only useful answers are those that raise new questions .
the waiters bumped into each other and dropped their trays .
there were hundreds of people milling about in the streets .
things might've turned out better if you hadn't gone there .
this has shaken my faith in the institutions of government .
those people are political allies and will help each other .
tom and mary rearranged the furniture in their living room .
tom certainly fits the description that the police gave us .
tom doesn't want you to share this information with anyone .
tom had bags under his eyes after several sleepless nights .
tom said he saw something suspicious the morning mary died .
we were present at the dedication ceremony of the building .
what kinds of changes are needed to address these problems ?
why would anyone hide something like that inside this cave ?
you disobeyed a direct order and must pay the consequences .
you should assume that tom already knows about the problem .
you're under arrest for endangering the welfare of a minor .
did you have your photograph taken for the driver's license ?
disneyland was very interesting . you should've come with us .
food really does taste better when eaten with close friends .
he crashed his car because someone tampered with the brakes .
i haven't got the foggiest notion what you're talking about .
many people in my grandfather's generation grew up on farms .
my sister can't start the day without reading her horoscope .
please remain seated until the aircraft arrives at the gate .
she couldn't fall asleep because she was thinking about him .
she first came into contact with japanese culture last year .
someone is standing behind the bushes taking pictures of us .
the united nations sent troops to intervene in the conflict .
the first word of an english sentence should be capitalized .
the heavy snowfall prevented our train from leaving on time .
the origin of the universe will probably never be explained .
the two countries will negotiate a settlement to the crisis .
the war between france and england lasted one hundred years .
the wedding ceremony will be held regardless of the weather .
tom always asks for permission before he borrows my bicycle .
would you consider taking care of my children next saturday ?
after eight months , he eventually started dating girls again .
apparently my bare feet bothered him more than anything else .
do you think it's dangerous to eat genetically modified food ?
he says what he thinks regardless of other people's feelings .
his lack of technical knowledge kept him from being promoted .
i want this work completed by two o'clock tomorrow afternoon .
microsoft has a completely new operating system in the works .
she exuded nothing but confidence going into the final round .
she had a real talent for smoothing over troubled situations .
small businesses will have to tighten their belts to survive .
some people think that advertising is a form of brainwashing .
something must be done immediately to deal with this problem .
teachers should never make fun of students who make mistakes .
the african elephant has bigger ears than the asian elephant .
the british had military bases along new york's hudson river .
the development of the computer industry has been very rapid .
the flimsy stalls in this restroom offer very little privacy .
the most incredible thing about miracles is that they happen .
the scarecrow in the backyard fell over during the hurricane .
their communication may be much more complex than we thought .
they wanted to oust the communist government of fidel castro .
this company uses cheap labor to increase its profit margins .
unless it's something fairly impressive , i won't remember it .
we must try to preserve the remains of ancient civilizations .
you should spend a little time each day reviewing vocabulary .
you're supposed to help your friends when they're in trouble .
burj khalifa is currently the tallest skyscraper in the world .
elephants in thailand are as common as kangaroos in australia .
it was the court's finding that the witness committed perjury .
it's about time somebody did something about this broken door .
language is the means by which people communicate with others .
many ethnic groups traditionally give money as a wedding gift .
many foreign customs were introduced into japan after the war .
many people put too much personal information on social media .
my favorite subjects in high school were geometry and history .
news of her death caused great concern throughout the country .
our city police have a new campaign targeting drunken driving .
sometimes we lie to keep from hurting someone else's feelings .
the city is gaining popularity as a major tourist destination .
the marauders laid waste to the town and surrounding villages .
the prime minister spoke about the financial crisis at length .
there are signs of growing tensions between the two countries .
there is an urgent need for teachers with science backgrounds .
these events transpired while the senator was still in office .
they said they would accept the committee's decision as final .
wouldn't you rather spend your time doing something you enjoy ?
you may injure yourself if you don't follow safety procedures .
you've got another four day's journey before you reach moscow .
a woman's wardrobe isn't complete without a little black dress .
anyone can produce salt from seawater with a simple experiment .
are you satisfied with the political situation in your country ?
every successful writer has a drawer full of rejection letters .
free flow of information is the only safeguard against tyranny .
he learned golf by watching others and following their example .
our price is considerably higher than the current market price .
some people think the president spends too much time traveling .
statistics show that the population of the world is increasing .
the american ships were stopped and searched in british waters .
the doctor ordered a full physical examination for the patient .
the drug must go through clinical trials before being approved .
the jury found that samsung had infringed upon apple's patents .
the police executed a search warrant on my brother's apartment .
the police think the burglar entered through a basement window .
there is very little probability of an agreement being reached .
they argue that the distribution of wealth should be equitable .
they're experiencing white water rafting on a class five river .
this road follows the shoreline for the next thirty kilometers .
we should weigh the options carefully before making a decision .
funding for this program was provided by the following sponsors .
he submitted his resignation in protest of the company's policy .
is it possible to determine the diameter from the circumference ?
it is sometimes difficult to make yourself understood in public .
japanese children are group members even when they are sleeping .
japanese should not forget that america is a multiracial nation .
nobody understood why the elephant suddenly turned on its owner .
philosophers tend to have little contact with the outside world .
she availed herself of every opportunity to improve her english .
some young japanese people prefer being single to being married .
somebody tipped off the gang members to the police surveillance .
switzerland is a very beautiful country and well worth visiting .
the japanese embassy has warned japanese citizens to be careful .
the divorce was finalized this morning at the attorney's office .
the number of people suffering from heart disease has increased .
there is a fundamental difference between your opinion and mine .
this increase in unemployment is a consequence of the recession .
we criticized the photographer for not rescuing the child first .
we used emergency measures to revive the cardiac arrest patient .
we will ship the product immediately after receiving your order .
what happens when an unstoppable force hits an unmovable object ?
a bystander videotaped the police beating using their cell phone .
a leading specialist was brought in to authenticate the painting .
communicating more to the point and directly would help everyone .
if a restaurant has valet parking it's probably pretty expensive .
it is costly and politically difficult to continue this conflict .
many cancer patients lose their hair because of the chemotherapy .
many countries have signed a treaty to eliminate nuclear weapons .
never choose a vocation just because it promises social standing .
she can't even speak her native language without making mistakes .
smartphones would have seemed like science fiction ten years ago .
steel production reached an estimated 100 million tons last year .
such a person invariably expends his physical energy more slowly .
the exchange rates are posted daily outside the cashier's office .
the public at large are dissatisfied with the present government .
this newspaper article is more interesting than the previous one .
this yearbook is illustrated with a lot of beautiful photographs .
through genetic engineering , corn can produce its own pesticides .
tom's impeccable manners made a big impression on mary's parents .
you are under no obligation whatsoever to share this information .
you should take the appropriate measures at the appropriate time .
even nudists often use euphemisms when referring to naughty parts .
eventually the salesman persuaded me to buy the expensive machine .
governments should not be in the business of legislating morality .
it's surprising that you haven't heard anything about her wedding .
parents must provide their children with proper food and clothing .
the dolphin and trainer communicated much better than we expected .
the government is promoting the use of domestically made products .
the international space station is an amazing feat of engineering .
the returning soldiers were commended for their bravery in battle .
the surgeon persuaded me to undergo an organ transplant operation .
tom anonymously donated a million dollars to his favorite charity .
tom helped the teacher decorate the classroom for valentine's day .
existing legislation does not take diversity of races into account .
no one knows exactly how many people considered themselves hippies .
the forensic technician found gunshot residue on the victim's hand .
people have lost the ability to disagree without being disagreeable .
electronic components can be cleaned by using pure isopropyl alcohol .
portugal has decriminalized the possession of drugs for personal use .
possible side effects include blurred vision and shortness of breath .
the consequence of a wrong translation can sometimes be catastrophic .
ethnic minorities struggle against prejudice , poverty , and oppression .
laser printers are generally cheaper to maintain than inkjet printers .
preventive measures are much more effective than the actual treatment .
their marriage has been strained lately because of financial problems .
freedom is so fundamental that its importance cannot be overemphasized .
the united states has officially ended economic sanctions against burma .
the economy still hasn't completely recovered from the financial crisis .
there are some differences between british english and american english .
companies with diversified holdings tend to weather economics shocks better .
" says who ? " " says me . "
" tom's crying . " " i know . "
tom is a 33 - year - old man .
i have a ten - year - old boy .
school begins at 8 : 10 a . m .
school begins at 8 : 30 a . m .
add 5 and 2 , and you get 7 .
i have to be there by 7 : 00 .
if i can do it , so can you .
my brother - in - law is a cop .
oh , no ! my house is on fire !
" you talk too much , " he said .
don't act like a know - it - all .
he was late for the 7 : 30 bus .
i can't go , nor do i want to .
i had a dog when i was a kid .
i wear a suit , but not a tie .
you know , i had a lot of fun .
" thank you . " " you're welcome . "
all i can do is to do my best .
i bought a pen , but i lost it .
i wish i had a room of my own .
if i were you , i would buy it .
it was cold , so we lit a fire .
she likes jazz , and i do , too .
the museum is open from 9 a . m .
tom is a teacher , and so am i .
we bought the car for $ 12 , 000 .
you ’ ll see that i ’ m right .
" what time is it ? " he wondered .
as far as i know , he is honest .
can you break a 1 , 000 yen bill ?
his house was sold for $ 10 , 000 .
i am sorry . i am not from here .
i did it the way he told me to .
i don't know how , but i did it .
i felt as if i were in a dream .
i forgot to send you an e - mail .
i got over it . you should , too .
i had a puppy when i was a boy .
i have a mind to buy a new car .
i hope i can hold on to my job .
i said it was ok for him to go .
i want to see if i can do that .
if i had money , i could buy it .
if i knew it , i would tell you .
like it or not , you must do it .
may i ask you to do me a favor ?
oh my god ! what are you doing ! ?
tom and mary will come at 2 : 30 .
tom has a 13 - year - old daughter .
tom is a thirteen - year - old boy .
tom won $ 10 , 000 in the lottery .
we plan to go as far as we can .
as a matter of fact , it is true .
as far as i know , he isn't lazy .
as far as i know , he won't come .
at last , she hit on a good idea .
do i have to wear a tie at work ?
do you mind if i take a day off ?
do you mind if i turn on the tv ?
he did it the way i told him to .
he is not my son , but my nephew .
he paid 1 , 000 yen for this book .
i had a job when i was your age .
i had a son who died in the war .
i had an out - of - body experience .
i hear you , but i don't see you .
i just need you to trust me , ok ?
i may be old , but i'm not crazy .
i needed a break , so i took one .
i paid 2 , 000 yen for this atlas .
i want a match . do you have one ?
i want to go on a trip with you .
i wish i had a reason not to go .
i wish i had known how to do it .
i wish i were as rich as tom is .
i would do it again if i had to .
i'm sorry , tom , i can't do that .
if i were you , i wouldn't do it .
if i were you , i'd buy that one .
if you are free , give me a hand .
if you make a mess , clean it up .
it is time for you to go to bed .
my boss is twice as old as i am .
now , what else can i do for you ?
since i was tired , i took a nap .
so what is it you want me to do ?
sorry , but i am unable to do so .
the more i get , the more i want .
tom should be back here by 2 : 30 .
we eat to live , not live to eat .
we have a cat . we all love cats .
you can go or stay , as you wish .
all we can do is to wait for him .
all you have to do is to join us .
as for me , i have nothing to say .
at any rate , i hope you can come .
can you show me how to tie a tie ?
do you mind if i turn off the ac ?
don't worry . i am not mad at you .
even if he is busy , he will come .
go away . i don't want to see you .
he has a car which i gave to him .
he is not a singer , but an actor .
he is the last man i want to see .
he ran away as soon as he saw me .
he seldom , if ever , reads a book .
hey , you two ! what are you doing ?
how do you say " hello " in french ?
i am not a doctor , but a teacher .
i am not the person i used to be .
i do not know how to drive a car .
i don't know how , but you did it .
i don't want you to do that , tom .
i had to stay in bed for a while .
i have a lot of work to do today .
i have a ton of work to do today .
i have to buy a new pair of skis .
i hope i'm wrong , but i doubt it .
i just want to make it up to you .
i know how hard it is to do that .
i like my life the way it is now .
i may go out if the rain lets up .
i ought to go there , but i won't .
i still have a lot of work to do .
i think tom has a long way to go .
i used to be the same age as you .
i want a full report before 2 : 30 .
i want to go home to see my wife .
i want to have a job that i love .
i want you to tell me what to do .
i was bitten on the leg by a dog .
i'd like an 80 - yen stamp , please .
i'd like to be as rich as tom is .
i'd like to do that , but i can't .
i'll let you know in a day or so .
i'm not as young as i used to be .
if i were free , i could help you .
if i were you , i would ignore it .
if i were you , i would trust her .
if it is worth doing , do it well .
if you ask him , he will help you .
if you don't go , i won't , either .
in a sense , life is only a dream .
in spite of the rain , i went out .
is it always a sin to tell a lie ?
it was so hot i took my coat off .
it's a lot of fun to be with you .
life is not fair . get used to it .
my husband earns $ 100 , 000 a year .
no matter where i go , i get lost .
no one loves you as much as i do .
one is new , and the other is old .
she is not a nurse , but a doctor .
since i was tired , i went to bed .
sorry , i don't think i can do it .
this t - shirt is too small for me .
what do you say we go for a swim ?
after i watched tv , i went to bed .
all i want is for you to be happy .
all you have to do is to meet her .
are you going to work until 10 : 00 ?
at last , the gem was in his hands .
by then , however , it was too late .
cut the chit - chat and get to work .
do you mind if i turn down the tv ?
don't come near me . i have a cold .
for now , i will wait at the hotel .
he had a lot of money in the bank .
he had nothing to say , so he left .
he has half as many books as i do .
he is no more a fool than you are .
he made up his mind to be a pilot .
he put the skis on top of the car .
he threw a piece of meat to a dog .
he tried to pull a fast one on me .
hey , tom , can i ask you something ?
i am sure we have a lot in common .
i awoke to find a bird in my room .
i broke his heart , but i love him .
i didn't do what i was told to do .
i don't know if i want to do that .
i go to any party i am invited to .
i have a right to be on this ship .
i have no one to go to for advice .
i just did what you told me to do .
i owe what i am today to my uncle .
i saw a white bird on my way home .
i told you not to call me at work .
i want a massage . i need to relax .
i want a tie to go with this suit .
i want for you and me to be happy .
i want to be the first to do that .
i want to buy a pair of ski boots .
i want you to have a copy of this .
i want you to help me clean it up .
i want you to know how sorry i am .
i want you to take a look at this .
i was going to ask tom to do that .
i wish i had a reason not to stay .
i wish i were as smart as you are .
i wish you had told me what to do .
i'd like a word with you if i may .
i'll have to find a part - time job .
if i were rich , i would go abroad .
if i were you , i would stay quiet .
if it gets boring , i will go home .
if you don't want it , i'll eat it .
if you help me , i'll try it again .
if you want that , you can have it .
if you want to stay , you can stay .
if you want , you can easily do it .
in case of a fire , use the stairs .
it cost $ 300 to get the car fixed .
it looks fun . why don't we try it ?
it was a waste time for all of us .
it would be a good idea if i went .
look , i don't want to lose my job .
one - fifth of my wages go to taxes .
she asked me if i knew how to sew .
so , do you really want to do this ?
stay where you are . i'm on my way .
tell me your story . i am all ears .
that's it . i've done all i can do .
the boy talks as if he were a man .
this old book is worth 50 , 000 yen .
to put it briefly , i do not agree .
tom often wears tie - dyed t - shirts .
tom ran as fast as he was able to .
we bought the goods at $ 3 a dozen .
we have to do the work in one day .
what do you say we go to my house ?
what does " there is a tide " imply ?
what is it that you want me to do ?
what is it you want to sell to us ?
when in rome , do as the romans do .
why do you want to go out with me ?
you don't know what it is , do you ?
a car drew up in front of my house .
air is to us what water is to fish .
all i want now is a glass of water .
all of a sudden , he proposed to me .
although i was sick , i did my best .
are you going to go with me or not ?
as a matter of fact , i dislike him .
at first , i didn't know what to do .
be quiet , or the baby will wake up .
bring me a cup of coffee , will you ?
by the way , do you play the violin ?
do you feel up for a game of chess ?
do you have a lot of time to relax ?
do you mind if i take my shirt off ?
do you mind if i turn on the radio ?
do you still want to give me a hug ?
do you want to go for a walk later ?
do you want to go to a soccer game ?
do you want us to take you with us ?
don't try to pull a fast one on me !
either you or i will have to do it .
father always says , " do your best . "
for many , it was a dream come true .
he didn't say a word to me all day .
he has been sick in bed for a week .
he has done it in just a few years .
he has twice as many books as i do .
he held out his hand and i took it .
he is very clever for a boy of ten .
he seldom , if ever , goes to church .
he shot at the bird , but missed it .
he was dazed by a blow to the head .
he was sick , but he went to school .
he went to paris at the end of may .
he will not be able to do the work .
how can i get to the zoo from here ?
how far is it from here to the sea ?
how many times do i have to say it ?
how would you like it if i hit you ?
hurry up , or you will miss the bus .
i am about as big as my father now .
i am so busy that i can't help you .
i am sure that he is an honest man .
i bought the car at a 10 % discount .
i can make the time to talk to you .
i can't blame you . it was my fault .
i did not expect it to be that big .
i did so for the sake of my health .
i do not think that she is at home .
i don't know if we want to do that .
i don't know what i can do to help .
i don't know what i want to do yet .
i don't know why i have to do this .
i don't know yet what i want to do .
i don't remember , but i wish i did .
i don't want to be a burden to you .
i don't want to be told what to do .
i don't want to take care of a dog .
i feel it's a tad risky to do that .
i found a note on my door from tom .
i go to the movies once in a while .
i had chicken pox when i was a kid .
i had my hat blown off by the wind .
i had no other choice but to do it .
i have a bad pain in my lower back .
i have a fever and i ache all over .
i have a lot of friends to help me .
i have a lot of things to do today .
i have a lot of things to tell you .
i have no money , but i have dreams .
i have no one to leave my money to .
i just did what they told me to do .
i just did what you asked me to do .
i just want to know if you love me .
i just wanted to drop by to say hi .
i lost my ticket . what should i do ?
i need some sugar . do you have any ?
i opened the box , but it was empty .
i owe what i am today to my father .
i still have a lot of time for fun .
i think i saw a ghost in the woods .
i told tom i wanted to go with him .
i told tom how to get to our house .
i tried not to cry in front of him .
i tried to do that , but i couldn't .
i want a book to read on the train .
i want to go back to where we were .
i want to know more about you , tom .
i want to let go of your hands now .
i will get him to come and help me .
i will get the work done in a week .
i wish i could sing as well as tom .
i'd like you to sing a song for me .
i'll be out of town for a few days .
i'll pay you back as soon as i can .
i'm glad to be of some help to you .
i'm not sure i want to do this now .
i'm sorry , but i can't go with you .
if i'd known it , i'd have told you .
if he were here , what would he say ?
if it were true , what would you do ?
if we leave now , we should make it .
if you want any help , just call me .
in spite of the storm , he went out .
in the summer , it is very hot here .
it is kind of you to drive me home .
it looks as if it is going to rain .
it was so cold that we made a fire .
it's not much of a surprise , is it ?
it's time for you to buy a new car .
mary came up to me when she saw me .
may i have a glass of wine , please ?
my parents will be home about 2 : 30 .
she feeds her dog a meat - free diet .
she has gone , but i still love her .
she has her faults , but i like her .
she was a child , but she was brave .
shucks ! it was too good to be true .
since he was tired , he went to bed .
that cost me a lot in the long run .
the more we have , the more we want .
they went on a trip a few days ago .
this is the very best way to do it .
this isn't too hard for you , is it ?
to drive a car , you need a license .
today , i do not have time for this .
tom died at the age of ninety - nine .
tom has a lot of money in the bank .
tom is a nice guy with a big heart .
tom wants to go home , but he can't .
tom wants to say yes , but he can't .
tom was in no mood to talk to mary .
we go to boston as often as we can .
what do you love ? what do you hate ?
what do you say to a game of chess ?
what do you want me to do about it ?
what kind of man do you think i am ?
who are you to tell us we can't go ?
why do i have to do this by myself ?
why do you want me to wait in here ?
you are the very man i want to see .
you can use my desk if you want to .
you don't know where it is , do you ?
you don't want to see this , do you ?
you may eat as much as you want to .
you may still do it if you want to .
you might at least say " thank you . "
you seem to be in a bad mood today .
you want me to help you , don't you ?
you're not going to do it , are you ?
a car in the parking lot is on fire .
a dog can run faster than a man can .
a lot of students do part - time jobs .
a map helps us to know where we are .
air is to man what water is to fish .
air is to men what water is to fish .
all in all , the novel was a success .
all of a sudden , she began to laugh .
all of a sudden , the lights went on .
all you have to do is try your best .
all you have to do is write it down .
are you telling me how to do my job ?
are you trying to make a fool of me ?
because of rain , i could not go out .
by the way , how many kids are going ?
can one of you open the door for me ?
do i have to spell this out for you ?
do i have to take off my shoes here ?
do we have time for a cup of coffee ?
do you know how to get to our place ?
do you know who you ’ re talking to ?
do you mind if i ask you a question ?
do you mind if i turn off the light ?
do you really want to buy a car now ?
do you want to tell me what this is ?
don't treat me as if i were a child .
every time i see him , he is smiling .
excuse me , but do you need any help ?
get up early , and you'll be in time .
he can run as fast as any other boy .
he comes to see my son now and then .
he has a lot more money than i have .
he has eyes at the back of his head .
he is a good match for me in tennis .
he is as great a poet as ever lived .
he is better off than he used to be .
he is not too poor to buy a bicycle .
he is not what he was ten years ago .
he looked around , but he saw no one .
he must be a fool to talk like that .
he snuck out to meet up with a girl .
he told me that i could use his car .
he told me to meet him at his house .
he was fed up with life in the city .
he will be coming to the party , too .
he's not the same man he used to be .
hey , how do you get this thing open ?
his car was stuck in knee - deep snow .
hold on for a few minutes , will you ?
how can you eat at a time like this ?
how did you know that man was a cop ?
how far is it from here to the park ?
i am no more an artist than you are .
i as well as my brother am to blame .
i beg you to give me a little water .
i called her , but the line was busy .
i did that which she asked me to do .
i don't have the money to buy a car .
i don't know what to do from now on .
i don't know why he said that to me .
i don't need you to take care of me .
i don't think he is fit for the job .
i don't want to spend more than $ 10 .
i go to bed at ten o'clock at night .
i got out of the car at 40th street .
i got tired of lying in bed all day .
i had some work that i needed to do .
i have a car that was made in japan .
i have no idea why she got so angry .
i have no wish to see the man again .
i have to take a bus to go anywhere .
i hope we can make it to your party .
i just got there as fast as i could .
i just want to put it all behind us .
i just want to say that i was wrong .
i left some stuff i need in the car .
i lost my purse on my way to school .
i loved that movie when i was a kid .
i met him once when i was a student .
i might be drunk , but i'm not crazy .
i need a new broom . this one's shot .
i owe what i am today to my parents .
i paid him on the spot for his work .
i really wish i knew how to do that .
i saw the man knocked down by a car .
i still have a lot of pages to read .
i take it that we are to come early .
i think it's going to be a nice day .
i think it's time for me to move on .
i think we get off at the next stop .
i told tom i was going to handle it .
i want a knife to cut the rope with .
i want my parents to be proud of me .
i want to finish the work on my own .
i want to show you what tom gave me .
i want you to give each other a hug .
i want you to go to boston with tom .
i was bitten in the leg by that dog .
i went to canada when i was a child .
i will never tell a lie from now on .
i will wait for you at the bus stop .
i wish i could write as well as tom .
i wish that tom was here to help us .
i wonder if you could do me a favor .
i would like to go and get my stuff .
i'd like to get you both to help me .
i'd love to get rid of this old car .
i'll take some x - rays of your teeth .
i'm not as stupid as you think i am .
i'm not even sure if this is my key .
i'm not sure he wants to talk to me .
i'm sure tom will know how to do it .
i've had a lot of work to do lately .
if i'm lucky , i will arrive on time .
if you eat so much , you'll get sick .
if you want , you can easily make it .
in this case , i think he is correct .
it is a pity that you can't join us .
it is very kind of you to invite me .
it will be finished in a day or two .
it'll be hard for me to wake you up .
it's up to you to decide what to do .
let me make you a cup of hot coffee .
let's not be in too much of a hurry .
may i ask you to call me back later ?
mother is in bed . she caught a cold .
my dad is the best dad in the world .
my father is not as old as he looks .
my father used to go to work by bus .
my goal in life is to be a novelist .
no matter what you do , do your best .
open the door and let me in , please .
she felt as if she had seen a ghost .
she is the type men call " stunning . "
since i was sleepy , i went to sleep .
since it was raining , i took a taxi .
sorry , i didn't mean to snap at you .
thanks to you , i spent all my money .
the bus stopped , but no one got out .
the child talks as if he were a man .
the doctor did a good job on my leg .
the doctors are looking at an x - ray .
the meeting is scheduled for 10 a . m .
the more we learn , the more we know .
the old man was almost hit by a car .
the word is on the tip of my tongue .
this is a map of the city of sendai .
this is a special day for all of us .
this is just the type of car i want .
this word is both a noun and a verb .
to tell the truth , i don't like him .
to tell the truth , she is my cousin .
tom came here to ask us to help him .
tom did exactly as i told him to do .
tom is better than i was at his age .
tom told me that mary was on a diet .
tom tried to do it , but he couldn't .
water is to fish what air is to man .
we can't be sure about that , can we ?
what do you mean , you can't help me ?
what do you say to calling it a day ?
what kind of fool do you think i am ?
what time do you want me to be here ?
what was it that we were told to do ?
when i heard that , i started to cry .
when you love what you do , it shows .
why did you go over my head on this ?
will you give me a ride to my hotel ?
would you like me to call you a cab ?
would you like to have a cup of tea ?
write with a pen , not with a pencil .
you are doing very well . keep it up .
you are going to have to pay for it .
you don't have to buy water , do you ?
a wise man would not act in that way .
after the meal , i asked for the bill .
all of a sudden , a dog began barking .
anyone can do it as long as they try .
art is not a luxury , but a necessity .
at last , i caught up with my friends .
by the way , have you seen him lately ?
can i talk to you alone for a second ?
can you teach me how to ride a horse ?
come on , tom , you're making me blush .
could i talk to the two of you alone ?
could you give me a ball - park figure ?
could you speak up ? i can't hear you .
did you come here by train or by bus ?
do a lot of people live in your town ?
do you have a license to fly a plane ?
do you have any idea what time it is ?
do you mind if i ask a few questions ?
do you mind if i take off my sweater ?
do you think it was tom who did that ?
do you want me to leave the light on ?
don't try to do two things at a time .
either you or i must go in his place .
excuse me , but i can barely hear you .
excuse me , but may i open the window ?
father is out , but mother is at home .
for dinner , we went back to my place .
go early in order to get a good seat .
he came to tokyo at the age of three .
he came to see me in a different way .
he did it not for me but for himself .
he did what he promised to do for me .
he gave a tip as a sign of gratitude .
he has been on a diet for two months .
he is by far the wisest of the three .
he is saving in order to buy a house .
he is what is called a man of action .
he left japan at the end of the year .
he looked as if he knew all about it .
he ran so he would get there on time .
he ran toward me as fast as he could .
he said he would see me the next day .
he took pity on me and helped me out .
he treats me as if i were a stranger .
he was born in a small town in italy .
he was tired , but he kept on working .
he will be my deputy while i am away .
her wishes , it seems , have come true .
how are we going to pay for all this ?
how can i tell if i'm really in love ?
how do you know how deep the lake is ?
how do you put up with all the noise ?
how far is it from here to the hotel ?
how many times a week do you eat out ?
how many times do i have to say that ?
how many times do i have to tell you ?
how much did you get out of the deal ?
hurry up , or you will miss the train .
i am going to have a great day today .
i am going to swim a lot this summer .
i am just dying for a coke right now .
i am not in the least afraid of dogs .
i am so tired that i can hardly walk .
i asked him if i could read his book .
i awoke to find a burglar in my room .
i can't do what i'm being paid to do .
i can't keep my coat on in this heat .
i can't put up with the way he spits .
i do not want to reply to his letter .
i don't care if our team wins or not .
i don't eat out as often as i'd like .
i don't go in for that sort of thing .
i don't have time to talk to you now .
i don't know if i should stay or run .
i don't know what you want me to say .
i don't know when i can take a break .
i don't like the way he looks at you .
i don't like the way he speaks to me .
i don't like to see food go to waste .
i don't see tom as often as i'd like .
i don't think she is fit for the job .
i don't want tom to see me like this .
i gave orders i was to be left alone .
i got a fish bone stuck in my throat .
i got a taxi in front of the station .
i got the gist of what he was saying .
i got you all right where i want you .
i grasped the rope so as not to fall .
i had a drink or two before you came .
i had my hair cut at a barber's shop .
i have a lot of money at my disposal .
i have no idea how long it will take .
i have no idea how to use this thing .
i have no idea what tom said to mary .
i have no money to buy the book with .
i haven't got rid of my bad cold yet .
i just want to say thanks to you all .
i just wanted to say that i love you .
i know a guy who has never seen snow .
i know whether or not he is an enemy .
i know you have to go back to boston .
i love the sound of rain on the roof .
i may have left my wallet on the bus .
i met him at the end of the platform .
i met him on my way home from school .
i need to ask you for a little favor .
i really do have to get back to work .
i refuse to be taken in by her guile .
i saw a black cat run into the house .
i saw the way tom was looking at you .
i see why you don't want to go there .
i still love the way you smile at me .
i talk to tom on the phone every day .
i think tom is going to like it here .
i think it's time for me to speak up .
i think it's time for you to grow up .
i think we need to go back to boston .
i think you are the one who broke it .
i think you know why i can't do that .
i took a shower and then went to bed .
i try to help tom every chance i get .
i used to do a lot of volunteer work .
i used to play with a couple of boys .
i used to take a walk in the morning .
i want to be someone you can turn to .
i want to know who is coming with us .
i want to spend all my time with you .
i want to take a closer look at that .
i want you focus on the here and now .
i was caught in the rain and got wet .
i was given a nice watch by my uncle .
i was in the hospital a few days ago .
i was scared to be alone in the dark .
i was so sure this was what i wanted .
i went to the bank to take out money .
i will be waiting for you in my room .
i will do whatever you tell me to do .
i will go out if it is fine tomorrow .
i will have to be away for some time .
i wish i could make up for lost time .
i wish i could take back what i said .
i won't quit , no matter what you say .
i wonder if tom is trying to kill me .
i would like to have a cup of coffee .
i would like you to go instead of me .
i would rather have a cat than a dog .
i wouldn't bet on that if i were you .
i'd like to get off at the next stop .
i'd like you to meet my brother , tom .
i'd love to find out why she said so .
i'll be fine if i take a little rest .
i'll come back home as soon as i can .
i'm glad to be the one who tells you .
i'm going to ask you to do your duty .
i'm going to take care of it for you .
i'm not the only one who wants to go .
i'm sorry it had to be done this way .
i'm sorry , but i can't stay for long .
if i could be that guy instead of me .
if i were you , i'd follow his advice .
if everyone pitches in , we can do it .
if that were true , what would you do ?
if you are hungry , why don't you eat ?
if you were my wife , i'd hang myself .
if you'd asked me , i'd have told you .
if you're wrong , then i'm wrong , too .
in space , no one can hear you scream .
in those days , i went to bed earlier .
is there any other way i can pay you ?
it can be very cold here even in may .
it is time for me to take a vacation .
it may sound strange , but it is true .
it seems to me that we should go now .
it took us two hours to get to tokyo .
it was in kyoto that i first met her .
it was in london that i last saw her .
it was too nice a day to stay inside .
it will cost you more to go by plane .
it's not good to read in a dark room .
last winter , i went to canada to ski .
let me know as soon as he comes back .
let me tell you my side of the story .
my father is busy as a bee every day .
my father is too busy to take a walk .
my son can count up to a hundred now .
my teacher put in a good word for me .
my uncle has made me what i am today .
no matter who says so , it's not true .
not every country belongs to the u . n .
not knowing what to do , i called her .
of all my friends , he is the closest .
of the two girls , she is the younger .
one , three , and five are odd numbers .
our dog was nearly run over by a car .
she has about as many stamps as i do .
she has an uncle who works in a bank .
she has not seen him for a long time .
she hit me on the head with a hammer .
she used the car to go to the office .
show me a list of your rates , please .
that wasn't so hard to admit , was it ?
the cellar is ugly , dark , and stinky .
the hero died at the end of the book .
the more you have , the more you want .
the older we grow , the less we dream .
the point is , why didn't you tell me ?
the sun was shining , yet it was cold .
there are a lot of books in his room .
there are a lot of fish in that lake .
there are a lot of fish in this lake .
there is a lake in front of my house .
there was a lot of food in the house .
there's so much i want to say to you .
this desk is a little too low for me .
this lid is so tight i can't open it .
this lid is too tight for me to open .
to tell the truth , i didn't go there .
tom and i went to a party last night .
tom does that a lot better than i do .
tom puts gas in his car twice a week .
we all know how this is going to end .
we don't need a visa to go to france .
we set up the tent next to the river .
we want tom to know he can come home .
what do i have to do to convince you ?
what do you want me to do with these ?
what do you want to do in the future ?
what do you want to talk to me about ?
what kind of woman do you think i am ?
what would you do if you saw a ghost ?
when i came home , i felt very hungry .
when i told him that , he got furious .
when he came , i was writing a letter .
when he finds out , he won't be happy .
when you go , i'll miss you very much .
which goes faster , a ship or a train ?
why are you so scared to talk to him ?
why pay when you can get it for free ?
will you show me the way to the bank ?
would you like me to do that for you ?
you are the only one who can help me .
you can call me at any time you like .
you can hang out with us if you want .
you did that on your own , didn't you ?
you don't give up too easily , do you ?
you don't know what it is to be poor .
you don't need to be in such a hurry .
you know i have no choice , don't you ?
you know what they can do , don't you ?
you may as well tell me all about it .
you really don't have a clue , do you ?
you told tom not to come , didn't you ?
you were the one who gave this to me .
you're in luck . the plane is on time .
your car is fast , but mine is faster .
a big wave swept the man off the boat .
a wise man would not say such a thing .
a woman fell from a ship into the sea .
a young man waited in line to see him .
all i know is that he came from china .
all i know is that she left last week .
all you have to do is wash the dishes .
although the sun was out , it was cold .
am i the only one who agrees with you ?
are you sure that you want to do this ?
as i was having lunch , the phone rang .
as a matter of fact , he was convinced .
as far as i know , that never happened .
ask him whether she is at home or not .
at last , the truth became known to us .
at your age , you ought to know better .
being very tired , i went to bed early .
can i have a word with tom in private ?
can i interest you in a game of cards ?
can i talk to you for a second please ?
can i use your car for a little while ?
can you shut the door on your way out ?
can you take me with you on the plane ?
could i have a knife and fork , please ?
could you show me the way to the port ?
could you tell me the way to the port ?
did you have a good time at the party ?
do you feel like going out for a walk ?
do you go to school on foot every day ?
do you guys want to read what i wrote ?
do you need me to give you some money ?
does it snow a lot here in the winter ?
follow me and i will show you the way .
he cried out for help in a loud voice .
he did a real snow job on my daughter .
he did his best never to think of her .
he did his best to carry out the plan .
he did nothing but lie in bed all day .
he doesn't know what it is to be poor .
he gave me some bread , also some milk .
he gave me what money he had with him .
he got hooked on drugs at a young age .
he got lost on his way to the village .
he had one of his socks on inside out .
he has a scraggly beard and a bum leg .
he is fatter than when i last saw him .
he made up his mind to go there alone .
he wants to be a doctor in the future .
he was given a gold watch as a reward .
he was so sad that he almost went mad .
he was too short to get at the grapes .
he went to the airport to see her off .
he woke up in the middle of the night .
he's got an uncle who works in a bank .
his car broke down on the way to work .
how did you get a naked picture of me ?
how far is it from new york to london ?
how far is it from here to the museum ?
i am going to work in osaka next year .
i am of the opinion that she is right .
i am sorry that my friend is not here .
i am used to staying up late at night .
i asked her to pick me up around four .
i asked him where i could park my car .
i bought a few eggs and a little milk .
i bought it with my hard - earned money .
i broke a glass when i did the dishes .
i can do this with you or without you .
i can lend you some money if you like .
i can't even afford to buy a used car .
i can't help the way i feel about you .
i can't think of any reason not to go .
i cannot feel at home in such a hotel .
i decided to tell her that i love him .
i decided to tell him that i love her .
i didn't know what it was at the time .
i didn't steal it . i just borrowed it .
i didn't think we'd be able to get in .
i do not want to exert myself in vain .
i don't care as long as you are happy .
i don't even want to know who you are .
i don't have money , but i have dreams .
i don't know if i can do this anymore .
i don't know what i'm going to do yet .
i don't like the way she speaks to me .
i don't like the way you laugh at her .
i don't like to go out when it's dark .
i don't see eye to eye with my father .
i don't think i want to talk about it .
i don't want to buy this kind of sofa .
i don't want to take on any more work .
i don't want you to go back to boston .
i don't yet know what i'm going to do .
i forgot to write my name on the exam .
i found a nice place to have a picnic .
i gave the beggar all the money i had .
i go to the library from time to time .
i got shampoo in my eyes and it hurts .
i had to get something out of the car .
i have made up my mind to leave japan .
i have something i want to say to you .
i have to be in boston in the morning .
i have to confess to you that i snore .
i have to go to the bank this morning .
i have to say goodbye to a few people .
i haven't decided yet if i want to go .
i hope i didn't make a fool of myself .
i hope to build a new house next year .
i just don't want our luck to run out .
i just don't want to see you get hurt .
i just want to get a little fresh air .
i just want to hear you talk about it .
i just want to know who's in the room .
i just want to make sure we all agree .
i just want to say that i believe you .
i just wanted to see what it was like .
i knocked , but no one opened the door .
i know a good lawyer who can help you .
i know that she doesn't know who i am .
i let him spend the night in my house .
i like dogs , but my sister likes cats .
i like the way she laughs at my jokes .
i lost my wallet on the way to school .
i love him , but he loves someone else .
i love you and i will always love you .
i love you more deeply than i can say .
i met a friend of mine at the airport .
i must pass this exam , no matter what .
i only know how to play that one song .
i really don't have much choice , do i ?
i recognized her as soon as i saw her .
i remember the year when he got a job .
i rushed out to see what was going on .
i saw this movie a very long time ago .
i see him in the library now and then .
i suppose you want me to pay for this .
i think i ate a little too much today .
i think it's time for me to leave now .
i think it's time for me to shove off .
i thought i told you never to call me .
i thought i told you to cut your hair .
i thought it was the least i could do .
i told you not to call me on weekends .
i used to go to that library to study .
i waited for you to get out of prison .
i want a car that runs on solar power .
i want a round - trip ticket to chicago .
i want the two of you to quit arguing .
i want to borrow your car for an hour .
i want to buy a few pairs of trousers .
i want to find out where it came from .
i want to know what this is all about .
i want to know what you see right now .
i want to know where you plan to live .
i want to see if he really fixed this .
i want to sleep in my own bed tonight .
i want to talk to you about this list .
i want you to get a good night's rest .
i want you to know that i believe you .
i want you to take a good look around .
i want you to tell me about your trip .
i wanted to talk to them face to face .
i was able to see the smoke from here .
i was going to ask you the same thing .
i was in the bath when the phone rang .
i was just in time for the last train .
i was told that i should see a doctor .
i went to the hospital to see my wife .
i will help you if you are in trouble .
i wish you had told me the truth then .
i won't do that unless you want me to .
i wonder what i'll do once i get home .
i'd like to get a copy of that report .
i'd like you to meet a friend of mine .
i'll ask my brother to give me a ride .
i'll be very happy if i can serve you .
i'll do anything to make it up to you .
i'll give you a day to think about it .
i'll pick you up at your home at five .
i'll try not to be late in the future .
i'm afraid i have to ask you to leave .
i'm going to drop in on her next week .
i'm going to get my own way this time .
i'm not as smart as people think i am .
i'm sorry , i forgot to do my homework .
i'm sorry , i left my homework at home .
i'm sorry . i never wanted to hurt you .
i'm sure he'll be as good as his word .
i've never met a man as stupid as you .
if only i hadn't been in such a hurry !
if you ask me , she's a little unusual .
if you eat that much , you'll get sick .
in the north , it's cold in the winter .
in the polls , both parties are on par .
is that what you think i want to hear ?
it is cold outdoors . put on your coat .
it is just a year since i got married .
it is stupid of you to believe in him .
it is two miles from here to the park .
it is very hot in the summer in japan .
it looks like it's just the two of us .
it's a little late for that , isn't it ?
it's a problem any way you look at it .
it's no easy task to keep up with him .
it's true that he is in love with her .
last year , i decided to come to japan .
let me give you a ride to the station .
let's eat in the park like we used to .
let's hurry . we don't want to be late .
may i ask what you are working on now ?
most , if not all , people enjoy eating .
my brother eats twice as much as i do .
my cousin is a little older than i am .
my mother has made me what i am today .
next time it will be my turn to drive .
not knowing what to do , i did nothing .
once a month , i go to the hairdresser .
save up so that you can go to college .
she advised him not to buy a used car .
she came here as soon as she heard it .
she comes to see me from time to time .
she could face a ten - year prison term .
she didn't say a word to me all night .
she had her hat blown off by the wind .
she has never gone on a date with him .
she likes no one and no one likes her .
she looked as if she had seen a ghost .
she made up her mind to go to college .
she told me that she wanted a pet dog .
she told the child to eat up the food .
she was too proud to ask him for help .
she will be in new york for two weeks .
since it was so hot , we went swimming .
sit down and take it easy for a while .
taste this wine to see if you like it .
that looks like it would be fun to do .
the food was not fit for man or beast .
the more you study , the more you know .
the park is in the center of the city .
the tea is too strong . add some water .
there are still a lot of things to do .
there is a lot of crime in big cities .
there is no need for you to stay here .
there must be a better way to do this .
there was a big gold star on the door .
they seldom , if ever , speak in french .
this box is too heavy for me to carry .
this hat is a little too small for me .
this is the lady who wants to see you .
this job will call for a lot of money .
to my surprise , they ate the meat raw .
to tell the truth , i didn't notice it .
today you can eat as much as you want .
tom and his wife have just had a baby .
tom doesn't know what this is . do you ?
tom grew up in a working - class family .
tom had no choice but to quit his job .
tom is now the star of a reality show .
tom really is a nice person , isn't he ?
tom said he had a great time with you .
tom said he shot mary in self - defense .
tom said that he was going to be late .
tom spends a lot of time on the beach .
tom was the first one here , wasn't he ?
tomorrow , i have plans to go to tokyo .
was he , in fact , guilty of wrongdoing ?
we do this kind of thing all the time .
we have had a lot of rain this summer .
we have had a lot of snow this winter .
we lost sight of the man in the crowd .
we need a place to stay for the night .
we played a lot of games at the party .
we spent a lot of time on our lessons .
we took a taxi so we wouldn't be late .
we waited in the park for a long time .
we went to the station to see her off .
we'll get a keg of beer for the party .
what a pity it is that you can't come !
what am i supposed to do if tom comes ?
what an idiot i was to lend her money .
what an idiot i was to lend him money .
what did you want to talk to me about ?
what if he doesn't want to talk to me ?
what is it you really want to tell me ?
what kind of person do you think i am ?
what kind of ranch did you grow up on ?
what more do we need to make us happy ?
when the man saw a policeman , he fled .
where i live , we have snow in january .
which is longer , this pen or that one ?
why are you crying ? it's just a movie !
why couldn't i be the one to help you ?
why on earth do you want to know that ?
will you be hiring any part - time help ?
would you like to hear me sing a song ?
would you like to know how i did that ?
would you like to take a walk with me ?
would you mind if i swam in your pool ?
you aren't going to tell tom , are you ?
you could hear a pin drop in the room .
you didn't want me to starve , did you ?
you do your part and i'll do the rest .
you drank a beer at lunch , didn't you ?
you may stay here as long as you like .
you may want to take a few steps back .
you might want to take a look at this .
you need to get out of the house more .
you really want to do this , don't you ?
you two had a fight today , didn't you ?
you're not as young as you used to be .
you've got a lot of work ahead of you .
a man is known by the company he keeps .
a moldy loaf of bread lay on the table .
a one - way ticket to birmingham , please .
all you have to do is press the button .
all you have to do is push this button .
are you going to go out with tom again ?
are you sure that you want to go there ?
at that time , we were young and strong .
at what age do you want to get married ?
believe it or not , i can actually draw .
but of course that was a long time ago .
butter is sold by the pound in the usa .
by the way , i think you're really nice .
can you put up with the way he behaves ?
can you tell me the exact time , please ?
compared to our house , his is a palace .
could you show me how to use this pump ?
did you tell your sister to ask me out ?
do you have a chain saw i could borrow ?
do you have any idea what's in the box ?
do you have any idea who would do this ?
do you know a good place to have lunch ?
do you know how much i give to charity ?
do you see that house ? that's my house .
do you think i should ask tom for help ?
do you think this is some kind of game ?
do you think we will get there on time ?
does this bus go to the center of town ?
don't walk so quickly . i can't keep up .
don't you get it ? this isn't about you .
due to bad weather , the plane was late .
for three weeks , he ate nothing at all .
get out of here before i call the cops .
get out of here before i throw you out !
give him an inch and he'll take a mile .
give him an inch and he'll take a yard .
give me a little time to think it over .
go at once , otherwise you will be late .
gum got stuck to the bottom of my shoe .
happy is a man who marries a good wife .
he ate rice twice a day for many years .
he can bend an iron rod with his hands .
he can do anything he sets his mind to .
he did not get up early in the morning .
he died of a heart attack on the stage .
he exchanged his old car for a new one .
he gave an address to the nation on tv .
he gave me a brief outline of the plan .
he had the kindness to show me the way .
he has been sick in bed this past week .
he has the ability to make a good plan .
he held out a helping hand to the poor .
he is said to have been a good teacher .
he is worthy to be captain of our team .
he should get to the office in an hour .
he told his wife not to buy on impulse .
he turned out to be nothing but a liar .
he was hit by a car and died instantly .
he was holding a large box in his arms .
he was just in time for the last train .
he went to school only for a few years .
he would be very glad to hear the news .
her house is at the foot of a mountain .
his death was a great loss to our firm .
his new novel has become a best - seller .
honesty , i believe , is the best policy .
how about going to see a movie with me ?
how did you get into this line of work ?
how do we have to proceed in this case ?
how far away do you think that ship is ?
how far is it from here to the station ?
how far is it from here to your school ?
how long are we just going to sit here ?
how long do you plan to stay in boston ?
how long does it take to get to boston ?
how many books do you have in your bag ?
how many days are there in a leap year ?
how many times a year do you go skiing ?
how much are you being paid to do this ?
hurry up , or you'll be late for school .
i am finnish , but i speak also swedish .
i am a man who can't stand being alone .
i am certain that he will quit his job .
i am going to make him a serious offer .
i am much obliged to you for your help .
i am so sorry to have kept you waiting .
i am supposed to go to tokyo next week .
i asked her to call me at five o'clock .
i asked him where i should park my car .
i asked the boy to throw the ball back .
i bumped into an old friend on the bus .
i came upon a rare stamp at that store .
i can rip you apart with my bare hands .
i can't get that melody out of my head .
i can't help you if you don't trust me .
i can't see the road signs in this fog .
i can't tell you what an honor this is .
i can't tell you what you want to hear .
i caught a glimpse of him from the bus .
i caught a glimpse of him in the crowd .
i cleared my throat , but no words came .
i couldn't eat fish when i was a child .
i dance in my living room all the time .
i didn't know where to get off the bus .
i do not like the way he treats others .
i don't get the meaning of all of this .
i don't get what the fuss is all about .
i don't know what i'm going to do next .
i don't know whether it is true or not .
i don't like tom and i don't trust him .
i don't see how you can eat that stuff .
i don't think i can get along with him .
i don't think i can help you very much .
i don't think i'd like you as a friend .
i don't think tom knows how to do that .
i don't think we need to do that today .
i don't want to be seen in his company .
i don't want to be tied to one company .
i don't want to do any of those things .
i don't want to live my life like this .
i don't want to talk to you about this .
i dream of a quiet life in the country .
i expect him to come along any day now .
i feed my dog just before i eat dinner .
i feel bad that i haven't paid you yet .
i feel like this is going to end badly .
i fell in love with a girl from vienna .
i fell in love with her at first sight .
i figured out a way to make more money .
i found the key that i was looking for .
i gave the boy what little money i had .
i had enough sense to get out of there .
i had to make a speech at short notice .
i had to make a speech on short notice .
i have a lot of problems at the moment .
i have a message i want you to deliver .
i have known her since she was a child .
i have no regrets for what i have done .
i have to charge the battery of my car .
i have to live on my very small income .
i have to try doing that at least once .
i heard tom say he needed to find mary .
i hope this data will be useful to you .
i hope we don't have to sell our house .
i hope you don't mind if i leave early .
i jumped for joy when i heard the news .
i just don't want to be reminded of it .
i just don't want to do that right now .
i just don't want to get your hopes up .
i just don't want you to catch my cold .
i just don't want your dog in my house .
i just felt a little dizzy . that's all .
i just want to ask you a few questions .
i just want to be certain that it's ok .
i just wanted to make sure i was right .
i know tom and mary used to be friends .
i left you a message at the front desk .
i like all of the songs that tom sings .
i like to talk about the good old days .
i love her all the more for her faults .
i make it a rule never to borrow money .
i met an old friend by chance in kyoto .
i met an old student of mine in london .
i met him while i was staying in paris .
i never felt this way before i met you .
i never meant to put you in any danger .
i never told anybody about it , i swear .
i never want to see you get in trouble .
i only wish i could see you more often .
i really don't want to go back to jail .
i share a house with two of my friends .
i stayed home because i had a bad cold .
i suppose you won't mind if i take one .
i take my camera with me wherever i go .
i think tom could learn a lot from you .
i think tom is still in love with mary .
i think it's not going to be that hard .
i think it's time for me to come clean .
i think it's time for me to step aside .
i think watching tv is a waste of time .
i thought i had a month to finish this .
i thought tom had agreed to do the job .
i thought about what a jerk i had been .
i thought it was about time we all met .
i told you this is where we'd find tom .
i told you this was going to be boring .
i took a taxi because the bus was late .
i want to know how you feel about this .
i want to see what's on the other side .
i want to stay here a couple more days .
i want to talk to you about last night .
i want to teach history when i grow up .
i want to watch what's on tv right now .
i want you to give up this stupid plan .
i want you to help me with my homework .
i want you to stay right where you are .
i was bored , so i wandered around town .
i was in boston last week with my wife .
i was living in boston a few years ago .
i went to school on foot in those days .
i will ask him about it tomorrow , then .
i wonder if tom has one i could borrow .
i wonder what it feels like to be rich .
i would like to get to know you better .
i would like to pay with a credit card .
i wrote a letter to my parents at home .
i'd be careful with that if i were you .
i'd be happy if you could come with us .
i'd just like to know what i did wrong .
i'd like my egg very , very soft boiled .
i'd like to be alone if you don't mind .
i'd like to do an autopsy on this body .
i'd like to help you get what you need .
i'd like to take a closer look at that .
i'd like to talk to one of your guests .
i'll be sure to tell tom you said that .
i'll fix your sink for you if you want .
i'll have it up and running in no time .
i'll tell tom what a great job you did .
i'll tell you about it when i get home .
i'm almost done . just give me a minute .
i'm asking you to tell me how you feel .
i'm just going to run down to the bank .
i'm starting to have fun on my new job .
i'm sure it'll be easy to find a place .
i'm through with my work . let's go out .
i'm with exactly who i want to be with .
i've come this far , so i'll keep going .
i've got a good reason not to like tom .
if it rains , the game will be canceled .
if only i had a pretty dress like that !
if only i'd known then what i know now .
if you could come , i'd be really happy .
if you eat too much , you'll become fat .
it costs $ 100 a night not counting tax .
it is tom's ambition to go to the moon .
it is easy for me to solve the problem .
it is getting darker . it may rain soon .
it is life that teaches us , not school .
it is no use arguing with him about it .
it is strange that he has not come yet .
it looks like she has a lot of friends .
it may be that he will never be famous .
it seems that he took me for my sister .
it was lucky for you that you found it .
it was wise of you to accept his offer .
it will go away by itself in two weeks .
it's a lot of fun skiing in fresh snow .
it's like being a kid in a candy store .
it's the only one there is in the shop .
japan does a lot of trade with the usa .
japan is not what it was ten years ago .
just exactly what do you want me to do ?
let me write it down so i don't forget .
like a good wine , he improves with age .
mom , could you read me a bedtime story ?
most of them urged him to take the job .
mt . fuji could be seen in the distance .
my dad is the best dad in the universe .
my father does play golf , but not well .
my pencil fell off the edge of my desk .
my sister is too young to go to school .
no one has ever said such things to me .
no one really knows what a ufo is like .
not knowing what to say , i kept silent .
once again , i was able to escape death .
please move the chair . it's in the way .
please put a lot of cream in my coffee .
please tell me how you plan to do that .
rules are meant to be kept , not broken .
she acted in a play for the first time .
she advised him to go on a strict diet .
she asked him if he knew where i lived .
she asked me whether i know how to sew .
she beat him to death with a golf club .
she came into the room with her hat on .
she did her best never to think of him .
she got all dolled up for her big date .
she has never been asked out on a date .
she invited him in for a cup of coffee .
she lay on a sofa with her eyes closed .
she put on her new dress for the party .
she stood as close to him as she could .
she told me his name after he had left .
she was kind enough to show me the way .
she went to the airport to see him off .
she went to the station to see him off .
she will be a beauty when she grows up .
sooner or later , his luck will run out .
tell me why you didn't do what i asked .
the blossoms will be out in a few days .
the cat is sitting on top of the table .
the child was made a ward of the state .
the cruel man beat the dog with a whip .
the damage will cost us a lot of money .
the doctor told me not to eat too much .
the game will be held even if it rains .
the man sitting next to me spoke to me .
the man you see over there is my uncle .
the pen i lost yesterday was a new one .
the sky is clear and the sun is bright .
the word " nigger " is an offensive term .
there is a photo of tom on mary's desk .
there is a very old temple in the town .
there might be a gas leak in our house .
there must be an easier way to do this .
there must be some way we can help tom .
there were a lot of girls at the party .
there were a lot of people in the park .
there's a body in the trunk of the car .
they had a debate on same - sex marriage .
they sat in the shade of that big tree .
this coffee is too hot for me to drink .
this is a bit too tight around my neck .
this is a difficult time for all of us .
this is the book that i told you about .
this is the house in which he was born .
this shirt is too small for me to wear .
this year has been a lucky one for him .
to make things even worse , he got sick .
to tell the truth , i don't really care .
tom and mary both wanted a lot of kids .
tom cut his finger on a piece of glass .
tom doesn't work as much as he used to .
tom first met mary at a cafe in boston .
tom gave his all , but it wasn't enough .
tom is a very good guitarist , isn't he ?
tom is fatter than when i last saw him .
tom is the only person who can help me .
tom never said he wanted to go with us .
tom said that you wanted to go with us .
tom tried to stand up , but he couldn't .
tom wants to get a tattoo on his chest .
tom was so hungry that he ate dog food .
tom went back to his room and lay down .
tom went out for a breath of fresh air .
tom , what happened ? why are you crying ?
we are entering a new phase in the war .
we are happy to have you join our team .
we can't be sure of the total cost yet .
we found a poor little cat in the yard .
we had to wait for him for ten minutes .
we have a lot to learn from each other .
we have to clear the snow off the roof .
we have to make do with what we've got .
we must buy a new carpet for this room .
we think we've found a way to help you .
we used to do a lot of things together .
we used to sit on these steps and talk .
we're not going to be able to call you .
we've got to get rid of all this trash .
what do you say you join me for dinner ?
what is it that you really want to say ?
what should i do in order to save time ?
what time did you go to bed last night ?
what would you like me to do with this ?
whatever you do , you must do your best .
when he saw the policeman , he ran away .
when it was time to vote , he abstained .
when they are in danger , they run away .
when traveling , it is easy to get lost .
when was the last time you saw the cat ?
where can i go to get some good advice ?
which do you like better , meat or fish ?
which do you like better , this or that ?
who are you and where do you come from ?
who broke the news of her death to you ?
who can tell me how a light bulb works ?
who do you think would do such a thing ?
why did you turn away when you met him ?
why don't we take him a bottle of wine ?
why don't you give us a moment to talk ?
why don't you take a look at this data ?
why is autumn called " fall " in america ?
will you still be here when i get back ?
would you like me to go there with you ?
you are the one that i was looking for .
you didn't see anyone come in , did you ?
you don't know how bad i want to leave .
you don't really want this job , do you ?
you don't seem to want to come with us .
you don't want to point that gun at me .
you had better take a bath to get warm .
you have to give up sports for a while .
you have to put up with all this noise .
you're not trying to trick me , are you ?
a few days later , tom found another job .
a frog in a well doesn't know the ocean .
a girl with blonde hair came to see you .
a lot of people swim here in the summer .
a rabbit has long ears and a short tail .
a trip by boat takes longer than by car .
after breakfast , we went out for a walk .
all of the town was destroyed by a fire .
all you have to do is follow his advice .
are you aware of how much she loves you ?
are you really going to let tom do that ?
are you saying i have no sense of humor ?
are you so stupid that you can't see it ?
are you sure about the cost of that car ?
at first , i thought he was your brother .
because of the bad weather , i didn't go .
both he and i were members of that club .
but what will you do if he doesn't come ?
can i borrow your pen for a few minutes ?
come by later , i have something for you .
could you take me to a hospital , please ?
did you get any sleep at all last night ?
did you stay home to study for the test ?
did you tell tom what he needed to know ?
didn't i tell you not to close the door ?
do you have a bottle opener i could use ?
do you have an alarm clock in your room ?
do you really think this is a good idea ?
do you remember the town he was born in ?
doing it that way will take a long time .
don't bother to pick me up at the hotel .
don't trust him , no matter what he says .
don't you think i would like to do that ?
don't you think it might be a bit heavy ?
excuse me , is there a hotel around here ?
first of all , let me speak about myself .
give me a ring if you find out anything .
give me a table for two near the window .
has he paid back the money you lent him ?
have you told any of this to the police ?
he and i are pretty much the same build .
he arrived on time in spite of the rain .
he asked me what was the matter with me .
he can play the piano better than i can .
he can't go without wine for even a day .
he cussed me out for having lied to him .
he does not speak unless he is asked to .
he drank the whisky as if it were water .
he explained to me that he had no money .
he fell in love with her at first sight .
he gave up his attempt once and for all .
he glanced at her and saw she was angry .
he got a broken jaw and lost some teeth .
he had to go through a lot of hardships .
he had to reduce the price of his wares .
he has a habit of keeping the door open .
he has decided not to go to the meeting .
he has more books than he can ever read .
he has not paid his portion of the rent .
he is going to drive you to the airport .
he is going to stay at a friend's house .
he is not as smart as his older brother .
he made a speech in support of the plan .
he must stay in the hospital for a week .
he owes much of his success to his wife .
he promised to come , but he didn't come .
he ran away at the sight of a policeman .
he sat on the sofa with his arms folded .
he told me to meet him at his apartment .
he was covered in mud from head to foot .
he was in prison on a charge of robbery .
he was kind enough to tell me the truth .
he was walking with a stick in his hand .
he went deaf as a result of an accident .
he went to work in spite of his illness .
he will go to the meeting instead of me .
he works too slowly to be helpful to us .
he wrote this book at the age of twenty .
how did we let things get to this point ?
how did you happen to see them doing it ?
how long are you going to stay in japan ?
how long do i have to wait for delivery ?
how many fish can you keep in your tank ?
how much time do we have to finish this ?
i already took the pies out of the oven .
i always brush my coat when i come home .
i am ashamed of having been rude to her .
i am bound to him by a close friendship .
i am happy to have so many good friends .
i am not sure how to pronounce the word .
i am planning to go to europe next week .
i can tear you apart with my bare hands .
i can't believe that she did that to me .
i can't believe you would do that to me .
i can't bring myself to do such a thing .
i can't remember how much i paid for it .
i can't tell you the answer to that yet .
i can't tell you what we did last night .
i can't tell you what we ended up doing .
i care a good deal about what you think .
i chose last time . you choose this time .
i could not keep the tears from my eyes .
i couldn't get rid of my doubt about it .
i cut the paper with a pair of scissors .
i didn't expect you to get here so soon .
i didn't want tom to think i was stupid .
i do not think their plan will work out .
i don't have as much money as you think .
i don't have the money to buy that book .
i don't know about you , but i'm starved .
i don't know if i can handle this alone .
i don't know the exact place i was born .
i don't know what has become of the boy .
i don't know whether to be happy or not .
i don't really want to be all by myself .
i don't want to be left holding the bag .
i don't want to talk about it right now .
i feel like my head is going to explode .
i forgot to put a stamp on the envelope .
i found out whose car went off the road .
i guess i should get home to the missus .
i had my brother put this room in order .
i had my suitcase carried up to my room .
i had never seen a panda till that time .
i had no choice but to accept the offer .
i have a friend who works at that store .
i have a friend whose wife is a pianist .
i have a lot of assignments to do today .
i have been living here for a long time .
i have left you your dinner in the oven .
i have never liked her and i never will .
i have three times as many books as him .
i have three times as much money as you .
i haven't gotten rid of my bad cold yet .
i hope tom likes the gift we bought him .
i just had a sandwich so i'm not hungry .
i just want to know how far we're going .
i just want to say i'm glad you're here .
i know a man who can speak russian well .
i know that there was a big church here .
i know the reason that she quit her job .
i know they are in love with each other .
i left a note on your door this morning .
i like english , but i cannot speak well .
i like the kind of music that tom plays .
i lost the watch my father had given me .
i lost the watch that my father gave me .
i made very short work of the big steak .
i need to talk to you about your grades .
i never meant for any of this to happen .
i never said that it wasn't a good idea .
i never thought i'd be happy to see you .
i never thought i'd want to buy an ipad .
i only asked if i could borrow the book .
i plan to stay at home all day tomorrow .
i promise you i won't stay out too late .
i read the book up to page 80 yesterday .
i really don't want to sit in that room .
i really wish i could be there with you .
i saw the picture you took of that fish .
i still have not learned to drive a car .
i thank you from the bottom of my heart .
i think i could get used to living here .
i think i'd like to be a better student .
i think it'd be great if you could come .
i think it's cruel to keep a cat inside .
i think it's time for me to change jobs .
i think it's time for me to contact her .
i think it's time for me to say goodbye .
i think we should all go to tom's house .
i think you know that's not a good idea .
i think you ought to get a little sleep .
i think you're too sick to go to school .
i thought i told you to clean your room .
i thought i told you to trim your beard .
i thought for a minute we had a problem .
i thought it over and decided not to go .
i thought maybe i could buy you a drink .
i thought we could eat out on the patio .
i thought you used to live in a trailer .
i thought you wanted to get out of here .
i tried flying from the top of the tree .
i turned off the lamp and went to sleep .
i used a computer in order to save time .
i waited for her for a really long time .
i walk my dog in the park every morning .
i want a list of everyone in this class .
i want all my children to go to college .
i want an explanation and i want it now .
i want some answers and i want them now .
i want to find out who broke the window .
i want to hear anything you have to say .
i want to hear what everyone has to say .
i want to know where they hid the money .
i want to speak to the person in charge .
i want to talk to you about this report .
i want to thank you for all you've done .
i was afraid of being put into a closet .
i was hoping to raise my kids in boston .
i was relieved to hear that he was safe .
i was saving this piece of cake for you .
i was very happy when i heard that news .
i wear my old coat in weather like this .
i went to bed a little later than usual .
i went to bed early because i was tired .
i went to the airport to meet my father .
i will get you a bike for your birthday .
i wish there were more hours in the day .
i wish we could hear what tom is saying .
i wonder if a human will ever be cloned .
i wonder why eggs are sold by the dozen .
i would like you to introduce me to her .
i would rather stay at home than go out .
i would rather walk than wait for a bus .
i'd like to get rid of all these things .
i'd like to have a little talk with you .
i'd like to hear you sing your new song .
i'd like to know what this is all about .
i'd like to live in the suburbs of kobe .
i'd love to go on an adventure with you .
i'll come and see you one of these days .
i'll help you to the best of my ability .
i'll leave it to you to buy the tickets .
i'll stay here if you really want me to .
i'm drunk , but i can still speak german .
i'm just not feeling up to it right now .
i'm not going to go to boston next week .
i'm not going to let you boss me around .
i'm not the only one who feels that way .
i'm not the only one who got here early .
i'm sorry i don't have my watch with me .
i'm sorry for all the pain i caused you .
i'm too tired to drive . could you drive ?
i've rented a room in paris for a month .
if it rains tomorrow , i'll stay at home .
if today was sunday , i would go fishing .
in japan , there are lots of hot springs .
in any case , it's none of your business .
in the summer , people go to the seaside .
is his aunt eating an apple or a banana ?
is it always wrong to take a human life ?
is the school on this side of the river ?
is there a garden in front of the house ?
is there a picture of tom in that album ?
is there anything that i can do for you ?
it is imperative for you to act at once .
it is stupid of him to behave like that .
it is very cold here all the year round .
it looks like you did a pretty good job .
it took me three days to clean the room .
it took me two hours to get to yokohama .
it was given to me by the queen herself .
it was silly of him to refuse her offer .
it's ok as long as it doesn't get windy .
it's a pity you don't know how to dance .
it's nice to be a role model for others .
it's normal for you to feel a bit woozy .
it's not a big room , but it's beautiful .
it's time for our children to go to bed .
it's very hard to get rid of bad habits .
let me know if you can make it tomorrow .
let me off at the train station , please .
let's be honest . that joke was about me .
long ago , people used to travel on foot .
may i ask you to help me with something ?
my book has to be somewhere in the room .
my brother - in - law is really egotistical .
my cousin works in a shop near our home .
my dog is almost half the size of yours .
my father can swim , but my mother can't .
my father used to read to me at bedtime .
my father was still at home when i left .
my heart beats fast each time i see her .
my job will only last two years at most .
my mom doesn't want me to play with you .
my mother put a large vase on the shelf .
my mother tells me not to study so hard .
my teacher warned me not to do it again .
never tell the truth when a lie will do .
no matter what he says , don't trust him .
no matter where you go , i'll follow you .
nobody had to tell tom . he already knew .
not feeling well , i stayed home all day .
now i realise why she was angry with me .
now that i have a girlfriend , i'm happy .
of all these cakes i like this one best .
of the eight , only one was found guilty .
on behalf of the company , i welcome you .
one of the students didn ’ t come today .
one - third of the six members were women .
please lend me this book for a few days .
read the note at the bottom of the page .
she asked him how to get to the station .
she claimed to be the owner of the land .
she gave him all the money that she had .
she had my mother take care of the baby .
she is likely to live to be one hundred .
she managed to learn how to drive a car .
she raised her hand for the bus to stop .
she said that she was eager to go there .
she still hated him , even after he died .
she told him that it would rain all day .
she used to go to the museum on sundays .
she wanted him to say that he loved her .
she wants to extend the no - smoking area .
she was too short to see over the fence .
she went mad after the death of her son .
she went to paris in order to study art .
she will be coming to see us again soon .
she writes to her son from time to time .
since i stayed up late , i'm very sleepy .
somebody came to see me while i was out .
soon after that , i began to fall asleep .
strange to say , he didn't know the news .
tell tom that i'm too tired to help him .
that car is too expensive for me to buy .
that child was left in the sun too long .
that man died of lung cancer a week ago .
that's going to cost you a lot of money .
the earth is a lot larger than the moon .
the ice is too thin to bear your weight .
the income from this source is tax - free .
the man who wrote this book is a doctor .
the notes are at the bottom of the page .
the novel has sold almost 20 , 000 copies .
the offer is too good to be turned down .
the old man has lived here all his life .
the plane left after a three - hour delay .
the teacher and i sat down face to face .
there are a lot of books in the library .
there are a lot of bridges in this city .
there are a lot of children in the park .
there are a lot of hot springs in japan .
there is a bank in front of the station .
there is a good chance that he will win .
there is a museum just north of the zoo .
there is a pair of scissors on the desk .
there is no reason for her to scold you .
there is no room for romance in my life .
there seem to be lots and lots of stars .
there's no way to get in touch with him .
they are looking for a house to live in .
they had had to use what money they had .
they heard a gun go off in the distance .
they say that a large dam will be built .
they seem to be in love with each other .
this is the best ship i've ever been on .
this is the key i have been looking for .
this stone was too heavy for me to lift .
those twins look like two peas in a pod .
throw another log on the fire , will you ?
to make matters worse , it began to rain .
tom and mary don't want to talk to john .
tom called his wife to say he'd be late .
tom came to boston hoping to find a job .
tom didn't get paid for the work he did .
tom didn't want me to sell my old truck .
tom doesn't want to go to bed right now .
tom has asked me to lend him some money .
tom is getting on your nerves , isn't he ?
tom is in pretty good shape for his age .
tom is not going to be happy about this .
tom is one of the richest men in boston .
tom lost his only son in a car accident .
tom never used to eat so much junk food .
tom poured milk into a bowl for his cat .
tom seems to need to go to the bathroom .
tom told me he knew how to speak french .
tom told us about what he did in boston .
tom was startled by a knock on the door .
tom was too tired to even smile at mary .
tom washes his car at least once a week .
try to make good use of your spare time .
turn off the light before you go to bed .
we abandoned the plan to go on a picnic .
we are not short of oil in this country .
we can not agree with you on this point .
we could all see it coming , couldn't we ?
we decided to lie hidden for a few days .
we have to get these people out of here .
we have to reduce the cost to a minimum .
we hope to come up with a solution soon .
we hurried to make up for the lost time .
we loaded a lot of luggage into the car .
we met in a coffee shop near the campus .
we wasted a lot of time looking for tom .
we were waiting for him for a long time .
we weren't as busy as i thought we'd be .
we won't be able to arrive home in time .
we'd be happy if you could come with us .
we're not here to talk about music , tom .
what did tom want to talk to mary about ?
what did you want to talk with me about ?
what do you intend to do with the money ?
what do you plan to major in in college ?
what do you say we buy everyone a drink ?
what kind of movie do you want to watch ?
what time do you wake up in the morning ?
what time does your watch say it is now ?
what time is your plane due to take off ?
who is the man who was talking with you ?
why did you side with him instead of me ?
why do they call new york the big apple ?
why do you always seem to want to argue ?
why do you want to work for our company ?
will you listen to me for a few minutes ?
would you like to come over to my place ?
would you like to go on a trip together ?
would you like to go to a movie tonight ?
yesterday was very cold so i wore a hat .
you are free to leave any time you wish .
you can stay with us for the time being .
you can use this pen for the time being .
you could do it if you really wanted to .
you don't have to go unless you want to .
you don't need to go unless you want to .
you don't need to hurry . take your time .
you have only to give him a little help .
you look like you don't want to be here .
you might want to try working out a bit .
you must be at the station by 5 o'clock .
you need someone to help you , don't you ?
you need to be more careful from now on .
you remind me of someone i used to know .
you should have told me a long time ago .
you will not be able to catch the train .
you're not as good as you think you are .
you're not supposed to do that , are you ?
a baby has no knowledge of good and evil .
a flea can jump 200 times its own height .
a full moon is shining bright in the sky .
a green banana is not ripe enough to eat .
a new hotel will be built here next year .
a police officer told me to stop the car .
a small gain is better than a great loss .
a trip to america is out of the question .
a trip to the riviera should do you good .
a true friend would not say such a thing .
about how many hours does it take by car ?
above all things , we must not be selfish .
after a brief peace , war broke out again .
after a long argument , i finally gave in .
all i want is someone special in my life .
although he is young , he is very careful .
an old castle stands on top of the cliff .
are you saying that my life is in danger ?
at first , i mistook him for your brother .
at first , i mistook you for your brother .
at our company , the retirement age is 60 .
at the party , everybody was well - dressed .
buy me another beer and i'll think on it .
can anyone tell me what i should do next ?
can you please help me for just a minute ?
can you prove that what you said is true ?
cars , buses , and trucks are all vehicles .
cats have the ability to see in the dark .
come what may , i won't change my opinion .
compared to our house , yours is a palace .
could i please have one more can of beer ?
could you show me the way to the station ?
could you teach me how to play the piano ?
could you tell me the way to the station ?
do i have to answer all of the questions ?
do whatever it takes to get the job done .
do you have any idea who wrote this book ?
do you have anything to eat in your pack ?
do you know the man who's staring at you ?
do you know who this car here belongs to ?
do you know why he put off his departure ?
do you think he is good for the position ?
does tom want to watch the movie with us ?
don't count on him to lend you any money .
don't let the cat escape . close the door !
don't put me in the same class with them .
don't worry . i'll teach you how to drive .
excuse me , could we have some more bread ?
for now , i'd like to concentrate on this .
getting up at six o'clock is okay for me .
give me some coffee if there is any left .
give me your word that you won't do that .
give up smoking if you want to live long .
hang your jacket on the hook by the door .
have you ever known them to come on time ?
have you ever seen the man in this photo ?
have you heard from the rest of the team ?
having finished the work , he went to bed .
he blew on his fingers to make them warm .
he borrowed a lot of money from the bank .
he doesn't want you to lose a whole week .
he goes to sleep with the lights left on .
he had a problem with the front door key .
he has a fear that his brother will fail .
he has made the company what it is today .
he hasn't written to them in a long time .
he is a little light for a sumo wrestler .
he is as clever as any of his classmates .
he kept us waiting for more than an hour .
he likes to dress up as a police officer .
he looked asleep , but he was really dead .
he lost both his parents at an early age .
he lost sight of his friend in the crowd .
he made a little statue out of soft clay .
he made for the door and tried to escape .
he rushed into the room with his coat on .
he saw the accident on the way to school .
he sent his son out to get the newspaper .
he stays a long time every time he comes .
he stood by me whenever i was in trouble .
he suggested that i write to her at once .
he thought it over and decided not to go .
he told me he wanted to quit the company .
he told me that his father was a teacher .
he told me to meet him at the restaurant .
he took the coat off because it was warm .
he tried in vain to open the locked door .
he was a general in the second world war .
he was born poor , but died a millionaire .
he was robbed of his money on the street .
he was the last person i expected to see .
he went to the store to buy some oranges .
he works all night and he sleeps all day .
her only desire is to see him again soon .
his hair is so long it reaches the floor .
hold on . just let me collect my thoughts .
hold still a moment while i fix your tie .
how can i make a telephone call to japan ?
how can i upload a photo to your website ?
how did you come up with this crazy idea ?
how did you learn how to play the violin ?
how long are we supposed to keep this up ?
how much did tom have to pay for parking ?
how much money did you spend on your car ?
how often do you have to see the dentist ?
how would you feel if your wife left you ?
i agree with what you say to some extent .
i always rely on him in times of trouble .
i always take a bath before going to bed .
i am afraid of what the teacher will say .
i am not pleased with what you have done .
i am tired of hearing you moan and groan .
i asked her to marry me and she accepted .
i asked my teacher what i should do next .
i bet five dollars that he will not come .
i called her office , but no one answered .
i can cook better than i can play tennis .
i can't believe i'm going to lose my job .
i can't believe what we were about to do .
i can't put up with the noise any longer .
i can't tell you how angry that makes me .
i cannot bring myself to do such a thing .
i caught a cold and was in bed yesterday .
i could rip you apart with my bare hands .
i decided to go out and explore the town .
i didn't go to school because i was sick .
i didn't know that you used to work here .
i didn't take the time to do it properly .
i didn't think you were going to make it .
i didn't want you to feel you were alone .
i do not believe in the existence of god .
i don't care what you do with your money .
i don't know about you , but i'm starving .
i don't know how tom got my phone number .
i don't know what i've been so afraid of .
i don't know whether he is dead or alive .
i don't know whether he will come or not .
i don't know whether you like her or not .
i don't like to eat fish with many bones .
i don't think i could ever do this again .
i don't think we're ready to do that yet .
i don't want to resign my job at present .
i don't want you to tell this to anybody .
i explained the rules of the game to him .
i feel like this isn't going to end well .
i finally found a use for this old thing .
i finished the work in less than an hour .
i forgot that tom used to live in boston .
i found a pair of gloves under the chair .
i get more than two hundred emails a day .
i guess i could wait a little bit longer .
i guess you never learned how to do this .
i had a sharp pain in my chest yesterday .
i had a very hard time writing the paper .
i had to swerve to avoid hitting the dog .
i have been his greatest fan all my life .
i have been reading this for a few hours .
i have my supper at a quarter past seven .
i have no idea what that guy is thinking .
i have no time to explain this in detail .
i have to leave early to catch the train .
i haven't had a barbecue for a long time .
i heard that he left town and moved east .
i heard you whistling . you must be happy .
i hope things will turn out well for you .
i hope you like what i've just given you .
i just don't want to say the wrong thing .
i just think we need to be extra careful .
i just want to make sure it's not poison .
i just wanted to ask you a few questions .
i know that this is important for us all .
i know you'd prefer a bottle of red wine .
i like the kind of music that tom writes .
i missed the train by only a few minutes .
i plan to reply to his letter right away .
i put my gloves on inside out by mistake .
i put on my favorite dress for the party .
i ran across an old friend near the bank .
i really didn't want to go to work today .
i really do hope we can still be friends .
i saw a dirty dog coming into the garden .
i shouldn't have eaten that . i feel sick .
i simply wanted to see what was going on .
i spend a lot of time listening to music .
i stepped aside so that he could come in .
i still don't know what i'm going to say .
i stopped and waited for the car to pass .
i suggest that you try to get some sleep .
i take it for granted that you will join .
i think i will take a vacation this week .
i think i'll start with a bottle of beer .
i think it's cruel to keep a cat indoors .
i think it's sad to not have any friends .
i think that he's probably not a bad boy .
i think you might want to check this out .
i think you're going to want to sit down .
i thought i told you not to make trouble .
i thought that i told you to stay behind .
i thought that was the right thing to do .
i thought you went to your room to sleep .
i thought you were going to fix the sink .
i throw myself on the mercy of the court .
i told them what i thought of their plan .
i told you to stay away from my daughter .
i used to play tennis with him on sunday .
i want to be with you more than anything .
i want to examine the body of the victim .
i want to go over these numbers with you .
i want to go to australia with my family .
i want to have a proper house and garden .
i want to know how this happened and why .
i want to know what's going on out there .
i want to know who threw the first punch .
i want to spend more time alone with you .
i want to thank you for what you've done .
i want to wait and see what tom proposes .
i was a high school student at that time .
i was about to leave when the phone rang .
i was afraid of getting lost in the dark .
i was attacked and robbed on my way home .
i was going out , when the telephone rang .
i was just about to come looking for you .
i was kind of surprised to see tom there .
i was more than a little shocked by this .
i was right on the spot when it happened .
i was unable to go to his birthday party .
i will ask him where he went last sunday .
i will badly miss you if you leave japan .
i will give you a bike for your birthday .
i will give you what little money i have .
i will go out after i finish my homework .
i wish i had studied harder for the test .
i wish tom would help me weed the garden .
i wish tom would spend more time at home .
i wish you did not have so many problems .
i wonder if anybody knows how to do this .
i wonder if she is staying at that hotel .
i wonder what all of them have in common .
i would like for him to write more often .
i would rather feed my dog before we eat .
i'd like to ask you a few more questions .
i'd like to come along if you don't mind .
i'd like to meet tom as soon as possible .
i'd like to reserve a seat on this train .
i'd like to talk to the head of security .
i'll be counting on you to bring a salad .
i'll never forgive you as long as i live .
i'll write you as soon as i arrive there .
i'm going to have to call you right back .
i'm going to stay there for about a week .
i'm going to stay with my uncle in kyoto .
i'm not in a position to give you advice .
i'm proud of my father being a good cook .
i'm sorry i didn't make it to your party .
i'm sorry i have no pencil to write with .
i'm sorry , i didn't mean to frighten you .
i'm sorry , but i can't answer right away .
i'm sure that this is a fresh water fish .
i've been in china for less than a month .
i've never seen so many trees in my life .
i've seen my dog sneeze but never my cat .
if i had time , i'd accept his invitation .
if it rains tomorrow , we'll stay at home .
if you don't kill them , they'll kill you .
in case of an emergency , call the police .
in doing anything , you must do your best .
is it possible to get on the next flight ?
is it true that you were on tv yesterday ?
is there anything else you want me to do ?
is this the only picture of her you have ?
it doesn't take long to get to his house .
it happened that we were on the same bus .
it is dangerous to fly in this heavy fog .
it is easy for me to answer the question .
it is evident that he has made a mistake .
it is no use your trying to persuade him .
it is not appropriate for you to do this .
it looks like she's got a lot of friends .
it never occurred to me that he loved me .
it says on the label to take two tablets .
it seems that there will be a storm soon .
it took me five hours to finish the work .
it was easy for him to solve the problem .
it was my turn to straighten up the room .
it was the most painful thing in my life .
it will be some time before he gets well .
it'll be hard to convince tom to help us .
it'll take two hours to get there by bus .
it's good to get up early in the morning .
left alone , the little girl began to cry .
let me heat it up some leftovers for you .
let me know if there's anything i can do .
little by little , the bird made his nest .
marriage is the union of a man and woman .
my brother is old enough to go to school .
my dream is to travel in a space shuttle .
my father used to say that time is money .
my friend said he had bought a new watch .
my room is three times as large as yours .
my sister works as a secretary at a bank .
my sister works in a bank as a secretary .
no matter who comes , don't open the door .
no wild tigers are to be found in africa .
nobody was allowed to go out of the room .
our car ran out of gas after ten minutes .
our car ran out of gas after two minutes .
our eyes take time to adjust to the dark .
our success was due in part to good luck .
owing to the snow , the train was delayed .
pardon me , what's the name of this place ?
people over the age of 18 can drive cars .
please tell me how to get to the airport .
regardless what he does , he does it well .
she advised him not to use too much salt .
she always speaks to him in a loud voice .
she asked him how to turn on the machine .
she called him to say that she'd be late .
she did it for the good of the community .
she froze at the sight of the big spider .
she gets about with the help of a walker .
she got married when she was twenty - five .
she had no choice but to accept her fate .
she has a cold and is absent from school .
she is always at the bottom of the class .
she spoke english to me just to show off .
she suggested that i take him to the zoo .
she tried to persuade him to go with her .
she was stupid enough to go out with him .
she was the last woman i expected to see .
she writes to her son every now and then .
sometimes , i feel like i can do anything .
sorry , i didn't know you were still here .
suddenly , a man stepped in front of them .
tell me if you don't think this is funny .
thank you for helping me find a good job .
thank you for teaching me how to do this .
that he is a genius is clear to everyone .
that house is the place where i was born .
that way i kill two birds with one stone .
that's it . i've done everything i can do .
that's why no one wants to work with you .
the age of nuclear power is not yet over .
the baby has been crying for a long time .
the boss has a good opinion of your work .
the boy did nothing but cry all day long .
the cake got crushed by the jar of juice .
the canteen had not a drop of water left .
the coffee is too bitter for me to drink .
the cook put the food in the dumb waiter .
the cost of living in tokyo is very high .
the cost of living is very high in tokyo .
the doctor instructed me to go on a diet .
the family had a hard time after the war .
the girl i told you about lives in kyoto .
the girl who works at the bakery is cute .
the more you play , the better you'll get .
the people i work with are all very kind .
the post office is not too far from here .
the price of gold varies from day to day .
the richer he became , the more he wanted .
the ship sank with all her crew on board .
the shop is just in front of the station .
the station is in the center of the city .
the truck made a sharp turn to the right .
the two had been enemies for a long time .
the two of them were never to meet again .
there are many good reasons not to do it .
there is a lot of furniture in this room .
there is an urgent need for a new policy .
there is an urgent need for a new system .
there is no necessity for you to do that .
there is no reason why i shouldn't do it .
there is nothing i can do to change that .
there is nothing for you to be afraid of .
there is sand at the bottom of the ocean .
there was a small box inside the big box .
there's no hurry . we have plenty of time .
they are now either in kyoto or in osaka .
they studied the map to find a short cut .
they were in that room with me all night .
this car was cheap enough for him to buy .
this color is a bit darker than that one .
this is a good book for children to read .
this is one of the things he always says .
this is the worst movie i have ever seen .
this was the best - selling book last week .
to my surprise , he had a beautiful voice .
to try to bring it back would be foolish .
tom always wants to sit in the front row .
tom and mary are getting ready to go out .
tom armed himself with a gun and a knife .
tom could learn a thing or two from mary .
tom cried for help , but nobody heard him .
tom didn't have a good time at the party .
tom didn't want to leave his dog with me .
tom doesn't wear glasses , but he used to .
tom fainted as soon as he saw the needle .
tom got mad at mary because she was late .
tom is head over heels in love with mary .
tom is just a little bit shorter than me .
tom knew that mary was trying to do that .
tom left some dirty dishes in the sink ­ .
tom loves mary , but she doesn't love him .
tom made a great deal of money last year .
tom made a list of songs he doesn't like .
tom said boston is a nice place to visit .
tom said he saw mary get into john's car .
tom says he already knows how to do that .
tom told me where you hid the gold coins .
tom wanted me to meet him at the station .
tom was mugged on his way home from work .
tom went to japan on a work holiday visa .
tom's a beginner , but he catches on fast .
we are all but ready for the cold winter .
we have a few surprises in store for her .
we have a gig at the club tomorrow night .
we have a new coach and some new players .
we have to find out what's going on here .
we have to work hard to fix this problem .
we haven't been to boston in a long time .
we make progress only one step at a time .
we must sleep at least seven hours a day .
we need to find somebody who can help us .
we owe more on our house than it's worth .
we should take a break and have some tea .
we want you to be more careful next time .
we were shocked at the news of his death .
we'll see what tom has to say about that .
we're one of the best teams in the world .
we're ready to put the boat in the water .
what are you going to do with this money ?
what do you plan on doing with the money ?
what do you want to drink with your meal ?
what does not kill me , makes me stronger .
what is it that makes you think that way ?
what is that big building in front of us ?
what time do you think tom will get home ?
when it comes to fishing , he's an expert .
when she heard the bad news , she fainted .
when was the last time you talked to tom ?
where do you usually go to get a haircut ?
which came first , the chicken or the egg ?
which color do you prefer , blue or green ?
which do you usually drink , wine or beer ?
whip the egg - whites until they are stiff .
whose idea was it to pitch the tent here ?
why do all the cool things happen to you ?
why don't you come to the movies with me ?
why is mary going with him to the picnic ?
why should i tell the truth if you won't ?
you are carrying your joke a bit too far .
you are sure to succeed , whatever you do .
you can't fool me with a trick like that .
you could count to ten when you were two .
you gave me this picture a long time ago .
you had better ask him which way to take .
you have a little fever today , don't you ?
you have little to gain and much to lose .
you have to report to the police at once .
you must go outside if you want to smoke .
you need to look at the big picture here .
you should make sure of it before you go .
you took the words right out of my mouth .
you were alone at that time , weren't you ?
you won't drown if you learn how to swim .
you'll have to stand on your toes to see .
you'll never be able to keep it a secret .
a fire can spread faster than you can run .
a heavy snow kept us from going to school .
a lot of people think that bats are birds .
am i fully covered in case of an accident ?
are you going to take part in the contest ?
are you just going to stand there all day ?
are you willing to help me with that work ?
as the proverb goes , time really is money .
at any rate , we can't change the schedule .
at our high school , french is an elective .
because of the snow , the train didn't run .
believe it or not , she has three children .
both of my parents are not strict with me .
bread is made from flour , water and yeast .
close your eyes and tell me what you hear .
come soon or there won't be any food left .
compared to our house , yours is a mansion .
could you make it a little shorter for me ?
could you please tell me why you love her ?
could you send someone up to make the bed ?
cut the bell peppers into two - inch strips .
did i tell you about my party this friday ?
did any of you gentlemen wait on this man ?
did you know she is good at making coffee ?
did you take the book back to the library ?
do we have time for another cup of coffee ?
do you know the man that's staring at you ?
do you really think tom is better than me ?
do you really want to talk about that now ?
do you remember the day when we first met ?
do you remember the day when we met first ?
do you remember the time we went to paris ?
do you still want to go to the lighthouse ?
do you think i don't know what's going on ?
do you think it will be nice out tomorrow ?
do you understand what i am saying to you ?
do you want me to come cook you something ?
don't tell me you don't know how to drive .
don't you think this hat looks good on me ?
each of us has to be careful when driving .
few people live to be more than a hundred .
for goodness' sake , please be nice to him .
gas was escaping from a crack in the pipe .
have you been told where to park your car ?
have you been told why we didn't hire you ?
have you ever ridden in a hot air balloon ?
have you read the book tom bought for you ?
he begged his father to buy him a bicycle .
he does nothing but watch tv all day long .
he explained to me how to use the machine .
he finally achieved what he set out to do .
he gave his daughter quite a lot of money .
he gave me not only advice but also money .
he had his car stolen in that parking lot .
he has no distinct idea of how to proceed .
he has spent ten years in jail for murder .
he is leaving for peru tomorrow , isn't he ?
he is writing a letter to his parents now .
he must be stupid to believe such a thing .
he promised me that he would come at four .
he saw himself as the savior of the world .
he stretched out his arm to take the book .
he thinks that his success is due to luck .
he was covered with mud from head to foot .
he was listening to the music in his room .
he was never to see his native land again .
he was not able to join in the discussion .
he was the first man to cross the pacific .
he went above and beyond the call of duty .
he will soon get used to the climate here .
he would like to take part in the contest .
he's just not the person i thought he was .
her father left her the house in his will .
her husband is a member of the oda family .
his father left him the house in his will .
his laziness is a bad sign for the future .
his little sister is very cute , isn't she ?
his name is known to everyone in the town .
how are you getting along in your new job ?
how can they just make up stuff like that ?
how did you learn to speak french so well ?
how do you calculate the volume of a cube ?
how many concerts did you go to last year ?
i am afraid it will rain in the afternoon .
i am very grateful to you for your advice .
i am very thankful to you for your advice .
i asked tom why he wanted to study french .
i asked for a seat in the smoking section .
i can hear a cat scratching at the window .
i can't believe i used to watch this show .
i can't figure out how to upload an image .
i can't go back there and neither can you .
i can't go with you because i'm very busy .
i can't put up with that noise any longer .
i can't see the stage well from this seat .
i caught up on all my homework last night .
i could not persuade him that it was true .
i didn't expect so many people to be here .
i don't have to apologize for what i said .
i don't know how to say goodbye in french .
i don't know if tom still lives in boston .
i don't know the reason why he was absent .
i don't know the reason why he went there .
i don't know when he got back from france .
i don't like going out by myself at night .
i don't like to eat garlic in the morning .
i don't really know why he wrote the book .
i don't really want to go there by myself .
i don't recognize this shirt . whose is it ?
i don't remember you asking me to do that .
i don't understand a word of what he says .
i don't want to talk about that right now .
i don't want to waste time talking to tom .
i feel like i'm going to be lucky tonight .
i feel sleepy when i listen to soft music .
i found it difficult to be kind to others .
i guess i'm going to have to learn french .
i guess we should go get something to eat .
i had back surgery a couple of months ago .
i had not waited long before the bus came .
i had to walk because there were no taxis .
i have a feeling that she will come today .
i have a few friends in the united states .
i have a friend whose father is a teacher .
i have been wanting to ask you a question .
i have no idea how long i was unconscious .
i have nothing to tell you for the moment .
i have three times more books than he has .
i have three times more money than you do .
i have to finish the work by four o'clock .
i have to talk to tom about what happened .
i heard a noise coming from the next room .
i hope tom didn't tell anybody i was here .
i hope everything will be fine in the end .
i intend to stay in nagoya for three days .
i just don't want to discuss it right now .
i just got out of prison three months ago .
i just want to know what i'm getting into .
i just want to wish you a merry christmas .
i know that you have issues with your mom .
i know this is hard for you to understand .
i know you're just doing that to annoy me .
i miss the hustle and bustle of city life .
i must go to the station at three o'clock .
i need to find something to cut this with .
i pressed the button to turn the radio on .
i presume that he has paid the money back .
i promise i'll take good care of your dog .
i ran into an old friend at tokyo station .
i stood under a tree to avoid getting wet .
i suggest that your son come to our party .
i take a bath every morning in the summer .
i thanked him from the bottom of my heart .
i think that this was not a wise decision .
i think that's just what i need right now .
i think this machine is in need of repair .
i think we'll get off at the next station .
i thought about calling tom , but i didn't .
i thought my parents would be proud of me .
i took it for granted that she would come .
i took it for granted that you would come .
i want the same jacket as you are wearing .
i want to find out what tom did yesterday .
i want to see the director of the company .
i want to take part to the next triathlon .
i was offered the choice of tea or coffee .
i wasn't able to come because of the rain .
i wasn't the only one who didn't know tom .
i went home in order to change my clothes .
i went to bed a little earlier than usual .
i will be studying when you come at seven .
i will give this book to whoever wants it .
i will teach you how to skate next sunday .
i wish i could break the habit of smoking .
i wonder if someone could help me do this .
i wonder if you could get me another beer .
i wonder where tom learned how to do that .
i would prefer to speak to you in private .
i'd be very grateful if you could help me .
i'd like to ask you a couple of questions .
i'd like to have a test for breast cancer .
i'd like to play tennis with you some day .
i'd really like it if we could be friends .
i'll do whatever it takes to get you back .
i'll take your suitcase to your room , sir .
i'm glad you're here to help me with this .
i'm going to buy a camera for my daughter .
i'm going to have to think about that one .
i'm looking for your sister . where is she ?
i'm not crazy . you're the one who's crazy .
i'm so tired that i can't walk any longer .
i'm sorry i have kept you waiting so long .
i'm sorry but i forgot to do the homework .
i'm sorry , but i already have a boyfriend .
i'm sorry , but i cannot answer right away .
i'm staying at a hotel for the time being .
i'm still not used to getting up so early .
i'm sure you must have a lot of questions .
i've been waiting for tom for a long time .
i've been waiting for you for over a week .
i've eaten a great deal of food this week .
i've got better things to do with my time .
i've spent most of my life here in boston .
if that's true , then she's better than me .
if you don't hurry , you'll miss the train .
in washington , no one knew what to expect .
in case of an emergency , push this button .
in due time , his innocence will be proven .
in terms of salary , that job is fantastic .
in the summer i wear short - sleeved shirts .
in those days , few people went to college .
is this the key your uncle is looking for ?
it cost him ten dollars to get the ticket .
it is definite that he will go to america .
it is important for them to do their best .
it is no use trying to solve this problem .
it may have been tom that wrote this note .
it might rain . we should take an umbrella .
it seems that the rainy season has set in .
it seems to me that this is too expensive .
it takes 10 minutes to get to the station .
it takes about ten minutes to boil an egg .
it was raining hard , so we played indoors .
it would be better if you read more books .
it's a pity that you can't travel with us .
it's better for you not to see my grandpa .
it's better to be crazy than to be boring .
it's better to err on the side of caution .
it's better to walk back than to get lost .
it's hard to keep up with his dirty deeds .
it's not as hot today as it was yesterday .
it's said that she's a well - known actress .
it's too bad you can't come with us today .
let me see the pictures you took in paris .
let's list all the reasons not to do that .
look out for cars when you cross the road .
making money is not the only goal in life .
maybe tom won't go to boston on this trip .
mt . fuji is noted for its beautiful shape .
my father gave me a watch for my birthday .
my father has never been sick in his life .
my father is going to go abroad next week .
my legs hurt because i walked a lot today .
my mother taught me how to make miso soup .
not knowing what to answer , i kept silent .
of the 23 who were arrested , four escaped .
our children like dogs , but i prefer cats .
over - sleeping is no excuse for being late .
please let me know when you come to osaka .
remember that we are all in the same boat .
she acted as if she knew nothing about it .
she bought six yards of cloth for a dress .
she brought me a cup of tea without sugar .
she called to tell him that she'd be late .
she didn't even try to do the right thing .
she had good reason to file for a divorce .
she is well known in both india and china .
she must have known that she had a cancer .
she never managed to pay the bill on time .
she promised to marry him , but she didn't .
she put some of the ointment on her hands .
she sat still for fear of waking the baby .
she spent a lot of time writing her essay .
she stayed in that area for a short while .
she suggested that i write to him at once .
she thought she could get him to like her .
she told the story with tears in her eyes .
she was advised by him to give up smoking .
she was asked not to speak at the meeting .
she was so angry that she could not speak .
she went for a walk with him this morning .
she will be a famous artist in the future .
she will be back in less than ten minutes .
since it was sunday , the store was closed .
some of the apples in the box were rotten .
switch on the light . i can't see anything .
ten years is a really long period of time .
thank you for helping me stick to my diet .
thank you very much for all you have done .
that is new a shop which opened last week .
that is the girl whose father is a doctor .
that's what got me into this line of work .
the japanese eat rice at least once a day .
the japanese economy grew by 4 % last year .
the apple does not fall far from the tree .
the bigger they are , the harder they fall .
the cat was not buried alive . he survived .
the clock stopped . it needs a new battery .
the cost of living in japan is going down .
the doctor advised me not to eat too much .
the leaves of the trees began to turn red .
the number of boys in our class is thirty .
the picture of the tower was out of focus .
the place where he lives is far from town .
the proof of the pudding is in the eating .
the skin is the largest organ of the body .
the town is two miles away from the coast .
the young lady carried a child in her arm .
there are lots of things we've got to fix .
there is a little milk left in the bottle .
there were a lot of people at the concert .
there's a party going on in the next room .
they gathered at a farm in new york state .
they live in a rundown tenement on 5th st .
they live on the 12th floor of this condo .
think it over and tell me what you decide .
this book is easy enough for them to read .
this cake tastes like it has cheese in it .
this is the best book that i've ever read .
this is the magazine i spoke to you about .
though she was tired , she kept on working .
today , i'm busy getting ready for my trip .
today , too , the temperature is below zero .
tom and mary want to know what's going on .
tom doesn't know if mary is dead or alive .
tom doesn't know what he's doing , does he ?
tom feels that his team will win the game .
tom fell over and landed flat on his face .
tom gave his father a tie on father's day .
tom has been a prison guard for ten years .
tom has been on death row for three years .
tom has three sons . one's almost your age .
tom has to speak french every day at work .
tom is just trying to get under your skin .
tom lived in boston until a few years ago .
tom looked at mary and then winked at her .
tom never told me why he didn't like mary .
tom put the screws in a small plastic bag .
tom saw a large rat run across the street .
tom told mary where he hid the gold coins .
tom told me that he wasn't afraid of mary .
tom took more than one picture , didn't he ?
tom took the hook out of the fish's mouth .
tom wanted mary to help him in the garden .
tom wanted mary to say that she loved him .
tom wants to keep things the way they are .
tom went to his study and locked the door .
tom's not well enough to go to work today .
we decided to leave him alone for a while .
we didn't know which car we should get in .
we have a good team and everyone knows it .
we have plenty of work to do this morning .
we must get to the bottom of this mystery .
we must talk her out of this foolish plan .
we sat in the very back of the auditorium .
we were supposed to be here two weeks ago .
what do you enjoy doing in your free time ?
what do you spend most of your time doing ?
what do you want to do after you graduate ?
what do you want to see while you're here ?
what if you gave a speech and nobody came ?
what is the length of this piece of cloth ?
what kind of places would you like to see ?
what makes you think i'd want to see that ?
what reason did he give for being so late ?
what right do you have to order us around ?
what sort of things do you do on weekends ?
what you said does not apply to this case .
when did you arrive ? did you arrive today ?
when she heard that , she felt like crying .
when was the last time you dyed your hair ?
when was the last time you spoke with tom ?
when we arrived , the crowd had faded away .
while you're young , you should read a lot .
who do you think came to see me yesterday ?
who is the man that you were talking with ?
who told you to write with your left hand ?
why do you spend so much time watching tv ?
why do you want to know what i'm thinking ?
why don't you ask when you have a problem ?
will you keep my valuables for me , please ?
would you like to leave a message for him ?
write a poem with four three - line stanzas .
you are mistaken if you think he is wrong .
you can come to visit us anytime you want .
you can park on either side of the street .
you can see the whole city from this hill .
you can trust him . he'll never betray you .
you can use my car if you drive carefully .
you don't need to get a haircut this week .
you have to turn in the reports on monday .
you look like a little girl in that dress .
you may give the book to whoever wants it .
you must be careful not to make him angry .
you still have a lot to learn about women .
you still haven't told me how old you are .
you won't believe who sat down next to me .
you won't find a dog bigger than this one .
you're just the person i want to speak to .
you're wanted on the phone . it's from tom .
your camera is only half the size of mine .
" natto " smells awful , but tastes delicious .
a 6 % yield is guaranteed on the investment .
a camel is a horse designed by a committee .
a few minutes' walk brought him to the zoo .
a few minutes' walk brought us to the park .
a glass of water will make you feel better .
a honeymoon in canada costs a lot of money .
a lot of my classmates think that i'm dumb .
a new bridge is being built over the river .
a square is both a rectangle and a rhombus .
a stream of people came out of the theater .
a tall building was built next to my house .
a young man broke into my house last night .
according to the tv , it will rain tomorrow .
after days of warm weather , it became cold .
all this damage is the result of the storm .
any man wearing a toupee fears a windy day .
are you in favor of or against that policy ?
are you sure you know where tom's house is ?
are you sure you saw someone on the bridge ?
are you sure you're not taking on too much ?
as i was reading , i became more interested .
as he grew older , he became more obstinate .
be careful , there are cougars in this area .
can you help her out before they catch her ?
can you please tell me your name once more ?
cleveland was not sure the boy was his son .
could you tell me how to adjust the volume ?
could you tell me how to use the telephone ?
dentists take x - rays to examine your teeth .
didn't it occur to you to shut the windows ?
didn't you hear the voice in the next room ?
do you have a room that's a little cheaper ?
do you have one a little bigger than these ?
do you know where tom and his friends went ?
do you remember the town where he was born ?
do you think we have any chance of winning ?
do you want to tell the jury what happened ?
don't act like you don't know how to dance .
don't forget to let me know when it's time .
don't worry . i've already taken care of it .
either you or he has to attend the meeting .
english is not easy , but it is interesting .
every even number is the sum of two primes .
everyone knows what they have to do , right ?
excuse me sir , could you spare some change ?
fold the napkins and put one by each plate .
follow us . we're headed to the nearest bar .
grandma is three and a half times your age .
have you been seeing a lot of him recently ?
have you ever cut your finger with a knife ?
he asked me if i knew her telephone number .
he became more and more famous as a critic .
he came near to being drowned in the river .
he can't tell what is written on the paper .
he caught hold of a rope and saved himself .
he doesn't seem to be heading for the town .
he found it impossible to go there on foot .
he gave back all the money he had borrowed .
he gave us not only clothes but some money .
he gives an apple to the teacher every day .
he had to share a bedroom with his brother .
he handed over all his property to his son .
he has a chance of equaling the old record .
he has been living in ankara for six years .
he has the bad habit of chewing his pencil .
he is not ashamed of his father being poor .
he is one of the greatest artists in japan .
he is ready to join us under one condition .
he is reputed the best lawyer in this city .
he is the president of the company in fact .
he often tells us we must help one another .
he parked his car in front of the building .
he promised to meet him at the coffee shop .
he quit smoking for the sake of his health .
he ran to the station and caught the train .
he reminds me of his father when he speaks .
he said the same thing over and over again .
he says he is leaving the country for good .
he slowly let the clutch out and drove off .
he took part in the anti - war demonstration .
he was ashamed of having done such a thing .
he was scared to admit that he didn't know .
he was standing at the top of the mountain .
he who knows the most often says the least .
he would not give it up without a struggle .
he writes to his mother every now and then .
he's so thin that he looks like a skeleton .
her hands are full taking care of the baby .
his family has to live on his small income .
his father had died of cancer 10 years ago .
hold on tight , otherwise you will fall off .
how can i get my toddler to eat vegetables ?
how is it that you can speak this language ?
how long have you been waiting for the bus ?
i almost forgot to pay my bills last month .
i always wear boots when it rains or snows .
i am afraid they can't get along very well .
i am interested in the cello and the piano .
i am tired of listening to his long speech .
i broke a bone in my foot while exercising .
i can't believe you really want to do that .
i can't decide what to eat for lunch today .
i can't make it to your party next weekend .
i can't tell you how to pronounce the word .
i could kick myself for not bringing a map .
i could never forgive myself if i did that .
i could not stand my house being torn down .
i couldn't figure out how to open the door .
i did everything i could to be your friend .
i didn't know you were that good at french .
i didn't want to spend any more time alone .
i don't approve of your going out with him .
i don't have time for a vacation this year .
i don't know how to reply to that question .
i don't know the reason he is absent today .
i don't know what's going to happen to you .
i don't know when my mother will come back .
i don't know whether i should laugh or cry .
i don't know whether to turn left or right .
i don't know why you didn't tell the truth .
i don't really want to talk about this now .
i don't remember how we ended up in boston .
i don't think i'm the only one who noticed .
i don't understand what she wants me to do .
i don't understand why this has to be done .
i don't want to be involved in that matter .
i don't want to be involved in this affair .
i don't want to get bogged down in details .
i don't want to hear another word about it !
i don't yet know what we're supposed to do .
i felt very relieved when i heard the news .
i forgot to attach a stamp to the envelope .
i found it difficult to get along with him .
i had a really great time with your family .
i had some things to do before the meeting .
i had some work that needed to be finished .
i have a friend whose father is a magician .
i have left my umbrella in the phone booth .
i have no money to buy the dictionary with .
i have to take my medicine every six hours .
i have to withdraw some cash from the bank .
i hope that what you are eating is healthy .
i just want to keep things nice and simple .
i knocked on the door , but nobody answered .
i know what tom and mary are going through .
i like to play music written by my friends .
i made a big mistake when choosing my wife .
i never realized how much i would miss you .
i noticed that i had slept past my station .
i now view life differently than i used to .
i recognize that what he says is the truth .
i remember the day you were born very well .
i should have talked to you first about it .
i shouldn't have to put up with this noise .
i spent the whole day in reading the novel .
i spoke to him about it over the telephone .
i study french with tom three times a week .
i think i can solve this problem by myself .
i think it's impossible for us to beat him .
i think it's necessary for him to go there .
i think maybe tom has something else to do .
i think this sweater will look good on you .
i think we'd better ask tom what he thinks .
i think you're the only one who needs help .
i want it delivered to me by noon tomorrow .
i want to do everything i'm expected to do .
i want to exchange this for a smaller size .
i want to know more about your school life .
i want to show you something in the office .
i was a fool for marrying someone like her .
i was rereading the letters you sent to me .
i will get you a bicycle for your birthday .
i will take the one that is more expensive .
i will try to live up to your expectations .
i will visit my uncle in kyoto this summer .
i wish i'd studied harder when i was young .
i wish the fedora would come back in style .
i wonder how much time we've wasted so far .
i wonder what has made him change his mind .
i would like to repay him for his kindness .
i'd be delighted if you could come with us .
i'd like to make some changes in the draft .
i'll be glad to drink a glass of champagne .
i'll be waiting for you at the usual place .
i'll do my very best not to disappoint you .
i'll let you know when it has been decided .
i'm afraid i differ with you on this point .
i'm getting off the train at the next stop .
i'm getting tired . it's your turn to drive .
i'm in no mood to argue politics right now .
i'm not going to send tom a christmas card .
i'm sorry , but i already have a girlfriend .
i'm sorry , but you're not allowed to enter .
i'm too tired to ride my bicycle back home .
i've already told tom he can borrow my car .
i've been saving up to buy a new saxophone .
i've worn out two pairs of shoes this year .
if it snows tomorrow , i'll build a snowman .
if you keep trying , you will make progress .
in japan a new school year starts in april .
in general , little girls are fond of dolls .
in the first place , you should be punctual .
is it necessary for me to attend the party ?
it is completely natural for her to be mad .
it is doubtful whether he will come or not .
it is high time you started a new business .
it is more blessed to give than to receive .
it is no exaggeration to call him a genius .
it is not easy to learn a foreign language .
it is possible that he has had an accident .
it may have been tom who broke this window .
it seems those two are made for each other .
it took me three hours to write the letter .
it was a shock to hear about tom's divorce .
it was childish of him to behave like that .
it wasn't easy for him to keep his promise .
it's a bit strange as far as i'm concerned .
it's a shame that the singer died so young .
it's not as cold today as it was yesterday .
it's not possible to do two things at once .
it's very big of you to admit you're wrong .
last summer i had a chance to visit london .
last summer , i spent three weeks in boston .
last week my mother came down with the flu .
life as it is is very uninteresting to him .
listening to music is a great way to relax .
luckily , tom had some money i could borrow .
most japanese eat rice at least once a day .
mother looked at me with tears in her eyes .
my brother is a member of the rescue squad .
my brother is holding a camera in his hand .
my cat is going to have kittens next month .
my friends and i went to a party yesterday .
my mother spends a lot of money on clothes .
my name is known to everybody in my school .
my parents have kicked me out of the house .
my son can already count up to one hundred .
next week , i'm taking the plane to chicago .
no one has yet found the fountain of youth .
not all of us are born with musical talent .
not knowing what to say , i remained silent .
one of the tigers has escaped from the zoo .
one - third of the earth's surface is desert .
please allow me to ask you a few questions .
please let me know as soon as it's decided .
read over your paper before you hand it in .
she advised him not to go there by himself .
she always has to be the one giving orders .
she believed him when he said he loved her .
she drank two glasses of wine at the party .
she gave me a watch for a birthday present .
she gave me an album as a birthday present .
she goes to market every day to buy things .
she had the box carried to the first floor .
she had to share a bedroom with her sister .
she handed him the money that she owed him .
she has been asked to sit on the committee .
she is on the verge of a nervous breakdown .
she loves him now more than she did before .
she spent her life in pursuit of the truth .
she was advised by him to give up drinking .
she went into her room to change her dress .
she will not be able to come here tomorrow .
she works as a nurse in the local hospital .
smoking has a great deal to do with cancer .
something might fall on you , so be careful .
sorry , i must have dialed the wrong number .
swimming is one thing i can do fairly well .
take an umbrella with you in case it rains .
thanks to his help , i finished my homework .
thanks to your stupidity , we lost the game .
that blow on the head knocked him out cold .
that kind of machine is yet to be invented .
that sounds like the kind of thing he'd do .
that's why i'm telling you not to go alone .
the bigger they come , the harder they fall .
the boy lifted the heavy box with one hand .
the car is parked in front of the building .
the door was locked and we couldn't get in .
the earth is similar to an orange in shape .
the firm went under due to lack of capital .
the girl tried hard to hold back her tears .
the long discussion came to an end at last .
the motive for the murder is not yet known .
the old man served the king for many years .
the pay is terrible and the hours are long .
the phone rang while i was taking a shower .
the thief ran away when he saw a policeman .
the time will come when you will regret it .
the top of the mountain is covered in snow .
the wind blew the umbrella out of her hand .
there are a lot of poodles under the couch .
there are various ways to get to her house .
there is a place for everyone in the world .
there is an urgent need for food and water .
there is no point in pretending to be sick .
there is no room for doubt about his guilt .
there is no use waiting for her any longer .
there is no way of knowing where he's gone .
there's a little bit of water in the glass .
there's a lot of danger during a big storm .
there's no way i'm going to work on sunday .
they kept it secret that they were in love .
they say she is the kindest woman on earth .
they set a new record for the longest kiss .
they set the time and place of the wedding .
they were stuck for hours in a traffic jam .
this book is too difficult for you to read .
this is not my first time riding a bicycle .
this is the place where my father was born .
this is the restaurant that i often eat at .
this movie is for adults , not for children .
this road is too narrow for trucks to pass .
this suitcase is too heavy for me to carry .
this was a stupid idea from the very start .
this work calls for a high degree of skill .
to his surprise , the door opened by itself .
tom and mary both wanted a lot of children .
tom and mary split up after their son died .
tom could swim when he was three years old .
tom didn't even offer mary a cup of coffee .
tom didn't want his friends to see him cry .
tom didn't want to let mary into his house .
tom doesn't know what mary is trying to do .
tom doesn't know what mary wants him to do .
tom doesn't know what mary was going to do .
tom doesn't like the way mary looks at him .
tom doesn't like to lend his books to mary .
tom doesn't take very good care of his dog .
tom doesn't think this is such a good idea .
tom doesn't want to take that kind of risk .
tom dyed his hair the same color as mary's .
tom had better hurry or he'll miss the bus .
tom is obviously very good at what he does .
tom just can't seem to get along with mary .
tom said he didn't know how to play tennis .
tom saw mary sitting alone on a park bench .
tom should let mary know that he likes her .
tom takes the kids to the school every day .
tom told mary that he had a new girlfriend .
tom tried to persuade mary to stay at home .
tom used to be in a relationship with mary .
tom would do anything for his sister , mary .
walking along the street , i found a wallet .
was that you i heard singing in the shower ?
we are going to visit our aunt next sunday .
we are the same age , but different heights .
we had a spell of fine weather last autumn .
we had to pay ten thousand yen in addition .
we have a lot to learn from other cultures .
we have not heard from him since last year .
we have to make the most of this situation .
we have to stop him from drinking any more .
we haven't yet finished what we have to do .
we must get together for a drink some time .
we need to band together to beat the enemy .
we walked up and down the streets of kyoto .
we were talking to each other all the time .
we will employ a man who can speak english .
we'll cross that bridge when we come to it .
we'll have to shovel the snow off the roof .
we'll try to be more careful the next time .
we're going to try to get you full custody .
what i really want is something hot to eat .
what are you doing here this time of night ?
what do you think you'll do with your life ?
what does it take to get some service here ?
what have we done to be punished like this ?
what sort of father do you think you'll be ?
what time do you leave home in the morning ?
what's in the box is none of your business .
whatever you do , don't drop your new phone .
when i opened the curtains , it was snowing .
when she was young , she was very beautiful .
where is it ? i've been searching for hours .
which do you like better , spring or autumn ?
which do you like better , summer or winter ?
which do you like better , sushi or tempura ?
which train should i take to go to shibuya ?
who knows what you'll find up in the attic ?
who would look after my children if i died ?
why can't you take things just as they are ?
why did you decide to speak about that now ?
why didn't you tell us there was a witness ?
why don't you sit right there on the couch ?
why is there so much violence in the world ?
why is this website taking so long to load ?
why would i want to do something like that ?
would you like me to do something about it ?
would you prefer a window or an aisle seat ?
you are old enough to make your own living .
you are telling it second hand , aren't you ?
you can borrow an umbrella if you need one .
you can call me this afternoon if you want .
you found me where no one else was looking .
you had better go home as soon as possible .
you have changed since i saw you last year .
you have to get this work finished by noon .
you have to strike the iron while it's hot .
you haven't said anything to tom , have you ?
you must be worn out after working all day .
you must go and see the headmaster at once .
you ought to have started half an hour ago .
you scared the living day lights out of me !
you should keep clear of that side of town .
you went to the park yesterday , didn't you ?
you will miss the train if you don't hurry .
you're going to have to pay for the repair .
you're not the only one who feels that way .
you've put on a little weight , haven't you ?
a japanese would not have said such a thing .
a bead of sweat started forming on his brow .
a blast of cold air swept through the house .
a few glasses of wine can loosen the tongue .
a few minutes' walk brought me to the shore .
a friend to everybody is a friend to nobody .
a great change has come about after the war .
a huge tanker just pulled out from the dock .
a hundred people were hurt in a train wreck .
a woman was hanging the washing on the line .
all things considered , he is a good teacher .
although she lives nearby , i rarely see her .
an awning broke his fall and saved his life .
are you sure you don't want to come tonight ?
as we grow older , our memory becomes weaker .
as you climb higher , the air becomes colder .
but we don't have anything in common at all .
can i get you something to wet your whistle ?
can you account for all the money you spent ?
can you estimate how late the train will be ?
can you recommend a place to stay in london ?
computers save us a lot of time and trouble .
could you put a little sunscreen on my back ?
did you see him at the station this morning ?
did you see the accident with your own eyes ?
do this work by tomorrow if at all possible .
do we have to get up early tomorrow morning ?
do you have something to do with this group ?
do you know anyone who hums while they work ?
do you know how long they have been married ?
do you know who conquered mt . everest first ?
do you think you could make it before lunch ?
don't you think that tom was a little weird ?
even if it rains , i'll go swimming tomorrow .
everyone ’ s eyes were fixed on the screens .
feel free to comment on any point made here .
few people live to be one hundred years old .
foot - and - mouth disease is highly contagious .
he attempted to climb the fence to no avail .
he called on state troops to end the strike .
he came to school even though he was unwell .
he comes every day to visit his sick friend .
he doesn't seem to be aware of the problems .
he gave the police a false name and address .
he gets a reasonable salary as a bank clerk .
he has no equal in the field of electronics .
he is alert to every chance of making money .
he is precisely the one you are looking for .
he is talking of going to spain this winter .
he lost his balance and fell off the ladder .
he often looks back on his high school days .
he painted the picture which is on the wall .
he put his tools away after he had finished .
he ran across the street , leaving her alone .
he said that he had seen the picture before .
he sleeps during the day and works at night .
he speaks english as if he were an american .
he was having lunch when i entered the room .
he was scared when the monkey jumped at him .
he went fishing in a river near the village .
he who sleeps with dogs wakes up with fleas .
he will have no chance of winning her heart .
he would do whatever it takes to make money .
he's only a couple of years younger than me .
he's the prom king and she's the prom queen .
he's very young . he's much younger than tom .
her hair was long enough to reach the floor .
his apparent anger proved to be only a joke .
his doctor told him to cut down on drinking .
his name is known to everybody in this area .
his salary is too low to support his family .
hot , dry areas will become hotter and drier .
how long do you think the meeting will last ?
how much longer is this storm going to last ?
how much time do you spend with your spouse ?
hurry up and you can still catch your train .
i almost forgot to tell tom about the party .
i already sent an email to the support team .
i am accustomed to eating this sort of food .
i am forbidden to stay out after 10 o'clock .
i am hungry because i did not eat breakfast .
i am not as interested in literature as you .
i am sure of his winning the speech contest .
i asked tom why he had never gotten married .
i asked tom why he had never studied french .
i awoke to find everything had been a dream .
i became very sleepy after a bit of reading .
i can't afford to buy such an expensive car .
i can't believe i didn't even think of that .
i can't believe your mom made you wear that .
i can't carry this suitcase . it's too heavy .
i can't understand what he is trying to say .
i don't know what could have happened to it .
i don't know what motivated me to come here .
i don't know what the meeting will be about .
i don't know when , but it'll happen someday .
i don't like such sports as tennis and golf .
i don't particularly want to be here at all .
i don't think he was being straight with me .
i don't think he's playing with a full deck .
i don't want to burden you with my troubles .
i don't want to know what's going to happen .
i fell asleep while i was doing my homework .
i got a letter from an old friend yesterday .
i had a little difficulty in getting a taxi .
i had almost finished my work when she came .
i had my wallet stolen from my inner pocket .
i had no intention of going there by myself .
i hate the world because the world hates me .
i have a boiled egg for breakfast every day .
i have a client waiting in the waiting room .
i have abandoned the idea of buying a house .
i have been waiting for almost half an hour .
i have done everything i was supposed to do .
i have seen this happen over and over again .
i have to change the batteries in the radio .
i hurried in order to catch the first train .
i just don't want there to be any bloodshed .
i just thought that you wouldn't want to go .
i know someone who has never seen the ocean .
i looked in my closet for something to wear .
i must offer you an apology for coming late .
i never dreamed that i would meet her again .
i never dreamed that i would meet her there .
i never should've let tom eat so much candy .
i rode a horse for the first time yesterday .
i said nothing , which made him more furious .
i shouldn't have to do all this work myself .
i stopped at the supermarket on my way home .
i think he can get along with his neighbors .
i think it's dangerous to swim in this lake .
i think my boyfriend is spying on my emails .
i think that china will play an active role .
i think we're going to stay for another day .
i thought my eyes were playing tricks on me .
i tried to pretend i was something i wasn't .
i want this more than anything in the world .
i want to have something to remember you by .
i want to see a doctor about my stomachache .
i was about to leave when the doorbell rang .
i was absent from school because i was sick .
i was afraid that i might hurt his feelings .
i was told that it's dangerous to swim here .
i wasn't aware that you were feeling so bad .
i went there for the purpose of meeting him .
i will give you a bicycle for your birthday .
i worry about whether i'll be a good father .
i would like to express my gratitude to her .
i would rather stay at home than go fishing .
i'd like to ask one or two questions myself .
i'd like to dedicate this song to my mother .
i'd like to get married to someone like you .
i'd like to talk to you about what happened .
i'd like to talk with you about your grades .
i'll be counting on you to bring the drinks .
i'll get something to drink for both of you .
i'll mow the lawn tomorrow , unless it rains .
i'll tell tom the truth when the time comes .
i'm going to work out the problem by myself .
i'm not going to let anything happen to you .
i'm pretty sure i'm going to need some help .
i'm really hungry . i haven't eaten all week .
i've got some things for you in my suitcase .
i've just eaten some sushi and drunk a beer .
i've no friend to talk to about my problems .
in addition to english , he can speak french .
instead of going myself , i sent a messenger .
is there something that you want to tell me ?
it is dangerous to jump onto a moving train .
it is hard to adapt this story for children .
it is impossible for him to give up smoking .
it is impossible for us to cross that river .
it looks like we're almost out of the woods .
it might rain . we'd better take an umbrella .
it seems that you're not having fun in here .
it was raining off and on all day yesterday .
it was so cold yesterday that i stayed home .
it's hard to get a taxi outside the station .
it's impossible for me to explain it to you .
it's not legal to keep wild animals as pets .
it's still too early to talk about this now .
it's time for us to do something about that .
it's too bad you can't stay a little longer .
it's too late to do anything about that now .
japan plays a key role in the world economy .
just a second . this call might be important .
let's eat the ice cream now before it melts .
looking into the room , i found nobody there .
making such a decision is not an easy thing .
more than 10 , 000 people signed the petition .
my dog follows me whenever i leave the room .
my father doesn't just smoke , he drinks too .
my father has never gotten sick in his life .
my father smokes a pack of cigarettes a day .
my folks used to tell me stories about that .
my sister sang an english song at the party .
new york state is almost as large as greece .
no one expected him to be a candidate again .
no one knows what will happen in the future .
nobody wants to work outdoors on a cold day .
once washed , the lining will look brand new .
our teacher warned him not to be late again .
people used to laugh at him behind his back .
please bring me the book next time you come .
please let me off in front of that building .
please tell me the reason why she got angry .
please use a pencil to write down your name .
she advised him that he should stay at home .
she advised him to go to the police station .
she approached him with a smile on her face .
she couldn't convince him to ask for a loan .
she danced with him at the high school prom .
she didn't know what to do with the problem .
she doesn't have as much patience as you do .
she earns half as much money as her husband .
she has been dating him for about two years .
she is curious to find who sent the flowers .
she is no less beautiful than her sister is .
she is very becoming in a black party dress .
she is what one would call a cultured woman .
she left the old newspapers lying in a heap .
she relied on the medicine as a last resort .
she tried to conceal her grief at the party .
she was advised by him to get more exercise .
she was indignant when i said she was lying .
she was seen at a restaurant with her lover .
she went out of the room with downcast eyes .
she worships him and the ground he walks on .
she's about the same age as my older sister .
some germans work for only one euro an hour .
some believed his story , and others did not .
some people talk too much and do too little .
some stars began to appear in the night sky .
someone has torn two pages out of this book .
the animal struggled to get out of the cage .
the battery on my cell phone is running low .
the boy had a mischievous smirk on his face .
the corpse has a gunshot wound in the chest .
the date of manufacture is shown on the lid .
the doctor told tom to stop eating dog food .
the driver told us which bus we should take .
the engineer told us how to use the machine .
the evening meal is served between 9 and 12 .
the film i told you about has been released .
the girl lifted the heavy box with one hand .
the girl was busy making tea for her friend .
the girls are going to be late this evening .
the good news is that you don't have cancer .
the grand prize is a kiss from the princess .
the job comes with a lot of fringe benefits .
the mere sight of a mosquito makes her sick .
the news that he was still alive reached us .
the orange left a strange taste in my mouth .
the pain went away because i took the pills .
the place was packed to the brim last night .
the plumber used many tools to fix our sink .
the police got to the scene of the accident .
the prince was changed into a tree by magic .
the quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog .
the road which leads to the hotel is narrow .
the skyscraper is in the center of the city .
the thieves opened the door with a pass key .
the truth is that the parents were to blame .
the truth is that we can't live without air .
the two boys look more alike than i thought .
the yen is rising and the dollar is falling .
there are plenty of fresh eggs on the table .
there has to be a first time for everything .
there is a library in every city in america .
there is a little hope that he will succeed .
there is no market for these goods in japan .
there is only one store on the whole island .
there's no need for her to go there herself .
they say there are ghosts in this old house .
this book is much more useful than that one .
this dictionary has been of great use to me .
this is one of the best restaurants in town .
this looks like a close - range gunshot wound .
this pond doesn't go dry even in the summer .
this screwdriver is too small to be any use .
tickets are available to the public for $ 30 .
to tell you the truth , i'm completely bored .
tom already knows you want to quit your job .
tom and mary insult each other all the time .
tom and mary speak to each other in english .
tom asked mary to drive john to the airport .
tom asked mary where she had parked the car .
tom can speak french almost as well as mary .
tom can speak french much better than i can .
tom didn't believe a word of what mary said .
tom doesn't seem to be aware of the problem .
tom has a bright career as a medical doctor .
tom is saving money for a trip to australia .
tom is the tallest boy on our football team .
tom said he had more important things to do .
tom said he had plenty of friends in boston .
tom said he was calling from his cell phone .
tom said he'd rather not go to mary's party .
tom talked too much and let the secret slip .
tom told me that he liked working with mary .
tom warned mary to stay away from his house .
tomorrow , i'm going to study at the library .
we aren't going to stay at that hotel again .
we can't be the only two people who're late .
we couldn't help but think that he was dead .
we didn't know the whole story at that time .
we divided ten dollars among the five of us .
we had hardly started when it began to rain .
we have problems that need to be dealt with .
we must find something to plug up this hole .
we thought it wise not to continue our trip .
we'll do whatever it takes to get that done .
we'll let you know the result within a week .
we're all thinking the same thing , i'm sure .
we're well on our way to making that happen .
we've got better things to do with our time .
what do they do with all their leisure time ?
what is the most romantic city in the world ?
what is the total amount of money you spent ?
what was the hotel called ? i can't remember .
what would you do in this type of situation ?
what would you like to do while you're here ?
when are you going back to your own country ?
when was the last time you saw the sunshine ?
when you come next time , bring your brother .
where were you on the night of october 20th ?
whether we go or not depends on the weather .
which do you like better , apples or bananas ?
who can tell what will happen in the future ?
who is playing the piano in the living room ?
why don't we go ahead and start the meeting ?
why don't you pick on someone your own size ?
why would anyone want to swim in this river ?
would you like to take part in the festival ?
would you show us some samples of your work ?
you are old enough to take care of yourself .
you can't be hungry . you've just had dinner .
you can't put two saddles on the same horse .
you could be a little nicer to your brother .
you don't want to get married either , right ?
you had better do as the doctor advised you .
you haven't seen tom this morning , have you ?
you haven't washed your hands yet , have you ?
you must not lose sight of your main object .
you never know what life may throw your way .
you should make sure that you tie a bowline .
you should've told tom that a long time ago .
you shouldn't eat just before you go to bed .
you will be able to play tennis better soon .
you will get the worst beating of your life .
you will have to apologize when you see him .
you wouldn't want that to happen , would you ?
you're going to have to do better than that .
your wish will come true in the near future .
" the gettysburg address " is a concise speech .
a group of children were playing in the park .
a holiday this summer is out of the question .
a lot of people in our neighborhood own guns .
a secure income is an important thing for me .
after the hurricane , their house was a wreck .
all the lights in the building have gone out .
all the signs are that she is getting better .
among the guests were the mayor and his wife .
are there any letters for me in today's mail ?
are you planning to take part in the meeting ?
are you sure you don't want something to eat ?
at last , they experienced the joy of victory .
autumn is the best season for going on hikes .
can you still remember the time we first met ?
can you tell me where the subway entrance is ?
concerning this matter , i'm the one to blame .
could we get a bottle of your best champagne ?
could you hand me the newspaper on the table ?
cuban cigars are among the best in the world .
do you find that washing machine easy to use ?
do you have a flashlight that i could borrow ?
do you know of any good restaurant near here ?
do you think he made that mistake on purpose ?
do you think that money really matters to me ?
don't cross the road while the signal is red .
don't get off while the vehicle is in motion .
don't you ever knock before you enter a room ?
english is spoken in many parts of the world .
eventually , tom will likely agree to help us .
every girl's crazy about a sharp - dressed man .
finally , i found the answer to your question .
fish like carp and trout live in fresh water .
going to this school requires a lot of money .
have you been told where the meeting will be ?
have you ever been betrayed by a good friend ?
have you ever seen a spider spinning its web ?
have you read the article about asia in time ?
he attended the meeting in place of his boss .
he contributed a lot of money to the charity .
he deprived my little sister of all her toys .
he didn't run fast enough to catch the train .
he got his car washed at the filling station .
he has not written to us since last february .
he is concerned about the result of the exam .
he knows better than to believe such a thing .
he read the entire old testament in one year .
he said he was suffering from a bad headache .
he studied hard in order to get into college .
he tends to get angry when people oppose him .
he was scolded by his teacher for being lazy .
he will be waiting for you about two o'clock .
he would like to know whether you play chess .
he wrote a book about the american civil war .
how can i deactivate my account on this site ?
how large is the population of new york city ?
how long do you think they have been married ?
how long have you been living on park street ?
how many audiobooks do you have on your ipod ?
how many instruments do you know how to play ?
how much time do you spend shaving every day ?
how old were you when your father was killed ?
hurry up , otherwise you'll be late for lunch .
i am calling to make an appointment with you .
i am looking for a book about medieval spain .
i am not wholly convinced that you are right .
i am tired of eating at the school cafeteria .
i can't afford to buy anything in this store .
i can't figure out how to open this suitcase .
i can't figure out how to solve this problem .
i can't keep living the way i've been living .
i couldn't put up with that noise any longer .
i didn't expect such a nice present from you .
i didn't recognize him at first on the train .
i don't approve of the way he bullies others .
i don't feel like doing my math homework now .
i don't feel like taking a walk this morning .
i don't have anything to say on that subject .
i don't know how to operate a spinning wheel .
i don't think tom will be at school tomorrow .
i don't think any more students want to come .
i don't think that she looks like her mother .
i don't want you to get the wrong impression .
i felt my heart pound after running a little .
i found it difficult to put it into practice .
i found that there was a little girl sobbing .
i guess i should have read it more carefully .
i guess that goes without saying , doesn't it ?
i had never heard anyone speak of him before .
i have an attraction for older , chubby women .
i have heard nothing from him for five years .
i have read your book . it's very interesting .
i have to give back the book before saturday .
i haven't been able to solve the problem yet .
i hope you will succeed in winning the prize .
i just assumed everything was going to be ok .
i know that things haven't been easy for you .
i look forward to seeing you again very soon .
i never imagined i'd feel this way about you .
i rented an apartment when i lived in boston .
i should have gone to bed earlier last night .
i skipped out on my appointment with my boss .
i take it for granted that people are honest .
i telephoned to make sure that he was coming .
i think it's you who should apologize to her .
i think we all should have been more careful .
i think we should stick to the original plan .
i thought maybe i'd better not clean my room .
i thought that you were able to speak french .
i thought the company had sent tom to boston .
i thought you said you couldn't eat raw fish .
i want to make a complaint to the management .
i wanted to save this for a special occasion .
i was able to succeed because of your advice .
i was probably thirty years old at that time .
i went skiing for the first time this winter .
i will explain the situation to you later on .
i will wait till you have written the letter .
i wonder if i should really become a teacher .
i wonder if you have something to write with .
i wonder what happens if i press this button .
i'd like to get together as soon as possible .
i'd like to thank you all for coming tonight .
i'd like to try doing this without your help .
i'd like you to help me gather some firewood .
i'll always love you , no matter what happens .
i'm ashamed to ask you such a silly question .
i'm going to go to the doctor this afternoon .
i'm not angry at you , just very disappointed .
i've always fed my dogs in the early evening .
i've always wanted to learn to cook like you .
i've got to stop eating such sweet ice cream .
i've never met a musician that i didn't like .
i've tried everything i know to cheer him up .
if he's proficient in english , i'll hire him .
if you're not with us then you're against us .
in addition to this , there are other reasons .
in what kind of situations would you do that ?
is it really necessary to buy all this stuff ?
isn't there something you want to say to tom ?
it is about ten minutes' walk to the station .
it is difficult for him to solve the problem .
it is easy to add numbers using a calculator .
it is forbidden for you to touch that switch .
it is less muggy today than it was yesterday .
it is not easy to be understood by everybody .
it is not easy to distinguish good from evil .
it is on this point that our opinions differ .
it is true that she teaches french at school .
it is uncertain whether he will agree or not .
it looks like the dog wants something to eat .
it makes no difference whether you go or not .
it took me three hours to finish my homework .
it was not until yesterday that i noticed it .
it's a miracle that you were able to survive .
it's cheaper if you order these by the dozen .
it's good for us to eat vegetables every day .
it's so noisy here i can't hear myself think .
keep an eye on the boys . they're mischievous .
let's do it at our own pace without hurrying .
let's hit the town tonight and have some fun .
let's share this money between the two of us .
lightning lit up the room every now and then .
mary kept on working in spite of her illness .
maybe tom was the one who stole your bicycle .
maybe you should have a little talk with tom .
my father always speaks in a very loud voice .
my father is arriving at the station at five .
my friends gave us a whirlwind tour of paris .
my friends stood by me during the court case .
my mother doesn't know how to ride a bicycle .
my mother faints every time she sees a mouse .
my new assistant is eager to learn the ropes .
needless to say , theft was a rare occurrence .
no matter what happens , i won't be surprised .
no matter what happens , i'll keep my promise .
our eyes take time to adjust to the darkness .
please let me know if you have any questions .
rain is the water that falls from the clouds .
regardless what you say , i don't believe you .
she asked him if he knew my telephone number .
she burst into tears when she heard the news .
she explained to him how to solve the puzzle .
she had a great attachment to that old house .
she had lived in hiroshima until she was ten .
she has a 10 percent interest in the company .
she has known him since they were very young .
she is going to wash the bike this afternoon .
she is more of an acquaintance than a friend .
she seems to be involved in that murder case .
she showed her courage in the face of danger .
she spends way too much time surfing the web .
she told her children to put away their toys .
she was playing with her sister at that time .
she was the last to cross the finishing line .
she'll tell him about it when she comes back .
some animals can sense the coming of a storm .
something is wrong with the engine of my car .
take off your hat when you enter a classroom .
take your coat off and make yourself at home .
take your umbrella with you in case it rains .
thank you for helping me keep out of trouble .
that company puts out a magazine , doesn't it ?
that experience left a bad taste in my mouth .
that writer is well known all over the world .
that's one reason why i'll never do it again .
the statue of liberty is located in new york .
the actor ’ s career lasted for thirty years .
the apples that he sent to me were delicious .
the bar was so crowded you could hardly move .
the big fire reduced the whole town to ashes .
the doctor was not sure what the trouble was .
the family is the most basic unit of society .
the fire broke out after the staff went home .
the first casualty of every war is the truth .
the government has imposed a new tax on wine .
the higher you go , the lower the temperature .
the house is going to feel empty without you .
the house where i live belongs to my parents .
the information you gave me is of little use .
the majority of those men worked in the mine .
the old church by the lake is very beautiful .
the plumber pumped the water out of the pipe .
the post office is just across from the bank .
the roads are slippery , so please be careful .
the robot was so lifelike that it was creepy .
the royal jewels are kept under lock and key .
the shirt that i've just bought is very nice .
the sooner we start , the sooner we'll finish .
the swimming pool is closed due to the storm .
the teacher told him not to forget his books .
the test of the new engine takes place today .
the tetanus shot hurt more than the dog bite .
the town has changed a great deal since then .
the weather will delay the start of the race .
the whale is the largest animal on the earth .
there are a lot of dustballs under the couch .
there is a tv remote control under the couch .
there was a cold wind blowing from the north .
they arrived just in time for the last train .
they decided to put an end to the discussion .
they decided to settle in a suburb of london .
they don't want us to see what they're doing .
they regarded him as the best doctor in town .
they regarded the man as a danger to society .
they went on an expedition to the north pole .
things don't always turn out the way we plan .
this is exactly what i didn't want to happen .
this is not the first time this has happened .
this is the third longest river in the world .
this is the village where my father was born .
this painting is worth a great deal of money .
this summer we had an unusual amount of rain .
this type of thing never used to happen here .
this year , valentine's day falls on a sunday .
tom and mary have just gotten back to boston .
tom asked mary who had given her the picture .
tom asked me to bring my own eating utensils .
tom can't say for sure when mary will arrive .
tom didn't expect mary to react like she did .
tom didn't want mary to see him in handcuffs .
tom doesn't seem to have any self - confidence .
tom doesn't want me around when mary is here .
tom doesn't want to do anything to hurt mary .
tom has been in the hospital for three weeks .
tom is doing everything he can to save money .
tom looked around , but mary was already gone .
tom said that he didn't want to be disturbed .
tom seems to be unwilling to lower the price .
tom wanted to pull the trigger , but couldn't .
tom wanted to spend some time in the country .
tom went into the kitchen to get some coffee .
tom wishes for his son to inherit his estate .
tomorrow night , i am going to narita airport .
tomorrow , i'll take the books to the library .
two weeks have passed and i haven't seen you .
vivaldi wrote a lot of music for the bassoon .
we are going to have a meeting here tomorrow .
we are prone to judge every one by ourselves .
we can't just act as if nothing has happened .
we can't live without water for even one day .
we couldn't go out because of the heavy rain .
we have had more snow than usual this winter .
we have no hot water because the pipes broke .
we need to invest in clean , renewable energy .
we saw the lady carried away to the hospital .
we sent you an email with an activation link .
we should determine what is to be done first .
we will have some visitors one of these days .
we wish him the best in his future endeavors .
we've achieved a lot in the past three years .
weather permitting , we will leave in an hour .
what are you going to do for summer vacation ?
what seems simple to you seems complex to me .
what time did you close the store last night ?
what time does the train for new york depart ?
what will you be doing at this time tomorrow ?
what would i do if something happened to you ?
who's that cute guy i saw you with yesterday ?
why don't you just admit that you were wrong ?
why don't you stick around for a few minutes ?
why don't you tell me something i don't know ?
why would you want to do something like that ?
will i have the pleasure of seeing you again ?
will you put the dishes away in the cupboard ?
with her heart pounding , she opened the door .
worrying is like paying a debt you don't owe .
would you like to have a drink before dinner ?
would you mind telling me where you got this ?
would you please send me a catalogue by mail ?
you are the most important person in my life .
you can always count on him in any emergency .
you can reach me at the address written here .
you didn't come to school yesterday , did you ?
you made that mistake on purpose , didn't you ?
you must put an end to this foolish behavior .
you never know when this might come in handy .
you should always save money for a rainy day .
you will soon get used to speaking in public .
you'll have to learn all these dates by rote .
you're not as beautiful as you think you are .
you're the only person i know who can't swim .
your phd thesis has to be written in english .
your dream will come true in the near future .
your effort will be rewarded in the long run .
" this looks pretty interesting , " hiroshi says .
a comparable car would cost far more in japan .
a great number of citizens went into the army .
a heavy stone slab was lowered over the grave .
a large pillar obstructs the view of the lake .
a new serial will begin in next month's issue .
a tuft of hair showed from underneath her cap .
according to the paper , it will snow tomorrow .
according to the radio , it will snow tomorrow .
all future meetings will be held in this room .
although i was exhausted , i continued to work .
although she has many weaknesses , i trust her .
america is often referred to as a melting pot .
are you wearing that dress for the first time ?
armstrong was the first man to reach the moon .
bears like to scratch their back on tree bark .
because of the typhoon , the school was closed .
books such as these are too difficult for him .
can you see the big white building over there ?
convincing tom to do the right thing was hard .
did you find out what time the meeting starts ?
did you go abroad for pleasure or on business ?
didn't your mother teach you to say thank you ?
do you have a problem with what was suggested ?
do you have something to do with that company ?
do you know how many people live in australia ?
don't fail to come here by the appointed time .
don't get an upset stomach by eating too much .
don't judge others by the color of their skin .
don't look down on him just because he's poor .
five thousand dollars is a large sum of money .
frankly , i'm not that impressed with his idea .
half of the bananas in the basket were rotten .
have you already spent the money tom gave you ?
have you ever read a book written about japan ?
he can speak not only english but also german .
he could not stand being kept waiting so long .
he couldn't wait to try out his new surfboard .
he faked his death and assumed a new identity .
he glanced at her with no sign of recognition .
he is fighting with his back against the wall .
he is not as intelligent as his older brother .
he is one of the greatest scientists in japan .
he listened to the music with his eyes closed .
he lived on crackers and water for three days .
he marches to the beat of a different drummer .
he never fails to give her a birthday present .
he played the guitar and she played the piano .
he reached across the table and shook my hand .
he said that he would come back here tomorrow .
he screwed up his courage and proposed to her .
he seldom does anything he really hates to do .
he showed courage in the face of great danger .
he spends his evenings in front of his laptop .
he told us he had gone through many hardships .
he took my umbrella without so much as asking .
he was a famous poet and a competent diplomat .
he was absent from school because he was sick .
he was afraid that he might hurt her feelings .
he was eager to return to school in september .
he would like to take part in the competition .
her ability to write with her foot is amazing .
his absence gave birth to all sorts of rumors .
his income is too small to support his family .
his wife has started to work out of necessity .
how many times do you think you've eaten here ?
i advise you never to live beyond your income .
i am deeply grateful to you for your kindness .
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
i am looking forward to seeing you again soon .
i am very happy to hear about your engagement .
i can easily give up chocolate to lose weight .
i can't believe i finally managed to meet you .
i can't believe i'm talking to you about this .
i can't figure out the answer to this problem .
i can't go to the restaurant with you tonight .
i could feel the sweat trickling down my back .
i couldn't bring myself to tell her the truth .
i decided to take his side against the others .
i don't believe the child came to tokyo alone .
i don't feel like going to the movies tonight .
i don't know exactly how or why that happened .
i don't mind being criticized when i am wrong .
i don't think tom can deal with the situation .
i don't think anyone really knows the real me .
i don't want to get involved in that business .
i don't want to hear anything more about that .
i finally talked her into lending me the book .
i find it strange that she hasn't arrived yet .
i forgot to write the address on the envelope .
i gathered from this letter that he was angry .
i had never seen such a beautiful girl before .
i have a friend coming over to visit tomorrow .
i have books that i have reread several times .
i have doubts about the success of their plan .
i have no intention of telling you the result .
i have some powerful friends who can help you .
i have to deliver this package to tom jackson .
i just don't want to see you get disappointed .
i just wanted to make sure everyone was awake .
i know you've got more important things to do .
i met her by chance at a restaurant yesterday .
i never see you without thinking of my father .
i often spend my free time listening to music .
i really don't want anything to eat right now .
i really wish i knew who painted this picture .
i regret not having studied hard for the test .
i replied that i didn't have parents any more .
i spoke loudly so that everyone could hear me .
i teach french at a nearby junior high school .
i think that i should organize a little party .
i thought your dad took away your credit card .
i trust the room will be to your satisfaction .
i wish that we could spend more time together .
i would like to read some books about lincoln .
i'd like to add some information to my report .
i'd like to read some books about the beatles .
i'd like to remind you that you're under oath .
i'd like you to help me install this software .
i'll be back in time for my mother's birthday .
i'll come straight to the point . you're fired .
i'll come to visit you at your house tomorrow .
i'll help you within the limits of my ability .
i'll look after your child while you are away .
i'm not the guy you want making this decision .
i'm out of breath after running up the stairs .
i'm too tired to think about this problem now .
i'm visiting a friend of mine in the hospital .
i've been bitten by mosquitos all over my arm .
i've been waiting for this moment all my life .
i've never been so embarrassed in all my life .
if you take this medicine , you'll feel better .
in short , all our efforts resulted in nothing .
in the united states , school buses are yellow .
in those days , few people could travel abroad .
is it a disgrace to be divorced with children ?
is the world more mad than usual this morning ?
is there anyone who doesn't have one of these ?
is there something in the fridge we can drink ?
it is important for old people to stay strong .
it looks like he'll be coming here next month .
it looks like we're in for some nasty weather .
it started raining just as i was leaving home .
it took one week to locate their hiding place .
it was not my intention to hurt your feelings .
it's clear from his actions that he loves her .
it's difficult to balance a ball on your nose .
it's hard to support a family on minimum wage .
jazz fusion is a combination of rock and jazz .
last year saw a big political change in japan .
let's not waste any more of each other's time .
let's start with the easy questions , shall we ?
look out for pedestrians when you drive a car .
make sure you cut the board against the grain .
mary will stop at nothing to achieve her goal .
maybe tom didn't do what everyone says he did .
most employees expect a pay raise once a year .
most people only want to hear their own truth .
my dream is to live peacefully in the village .
my father banks part of his salary every week .
my father is proud of being tall and handsome .
my father is too stubborn to admit his faults .
my father is two years younger than my mother .
my mother goes to the hospital in the morning .
my new job leaves me little time to socialize .
my sister asked me to lend her the dictionary .
my wife holds the purse strings in our family .
napoleon lived in exile on the island of elba .
never rub your eyes when your hands are dirty .
no matter what happens , don't forget to smile .
oats have long been food for horses and mules .
officially , he works for us as an interpreter .
our team did not reach the playoffs this year .
over the holidays , i spent days doing nothing .
people who wait on you here are very friendly .
please turn down the volume a little bit more .
quit sitting on the fence and make a decision !
science can be used for good or evil purposes .
she acted as if she didn't care what happened .
she cremated him within 24 hours of his death .
she does not speak english as fluently as you .
she expected him to buy her an expensive gift .
she failed in her attempt to swim the channel .
she insisted that he should stay where he was .
she is different from her sister in every way .
she is no less charming than her older sister .
she isn't old enough to get a driving license .
she lost her only son in the traffic accident .
she sat there silently with tears in her eyes .
she seems to be nervous about her first class .
she spends a lot of time practicing the piano .
she talked him into buying her a diamond ring .
she volunteered to go to the meeting with him .
she was determined never to talk to him again .
she was more beautiful than all of the others .
she was supposed to attend the party with him .
she will give her picture to whoever wants it .
show me what you have hidden behind your back .
somehow , he weaseled himself out of jury duty .
someone should put that dog out of its misery .
soon nobody will have anything to do with you .
st . valentine's day falls on sunday this year .
stop taking pictures . you look like a tourist .
take lots of vitamin c to avoid catching cold .
take this medicine . you will feel better soon .
that country is about twice as large as japan .
that still leaves us with the question of why .
that twenty - kilometer run really wiped me out .
that's the best thing that could happen to me .
the german domination didn ’ t last very long .
the sahara is the largest desert in the world .
the apples which he sent to me were delicious .
the athletic meet was put off until next week .
the author of this article is a famous critic .
the boy threw a paper airplane at the teacher .
the children built a sand castle on the beach .
the cuffs of his suit jacket are badly frayed .
the dog followed its master , wagging its tail .
the explanation of each fact took a long time .
the food supplies will not hold out till then .
the grass is always greener on the other side .
the hiker has reached the top of the mountain .
the leader of the party is a famous scientist .
the leaders were out of touch with the people .
the man sitting over there is a famous singer .
the match was cancelled due to the heavy rain .
the most common name in the world is mohammed .
the new president was a warm and friendly man .
the next two years were busy ones for jackson .
the police roped off the street near the spot .
the rich are not always happier than the poor .
the rich grow richer and the poor grow poorer .
the rocket blew up a few seconds after launch .
the situation is a lot worse than we imagined .
the store can supply us with anything we need .
the storm had a serious effect on the economy .
the students were ill at ease before the exam .
the thief ran away when she saw the policeman .
the trouble is that he thinks only of himself .
the water from this fountain is safe to drink .
there are a lot of different people in europe .
there are more girls than boys in this school .
there are two slices of pizza for each person .
there are various kinds of candy in that bowl .
there is an urgent need for good legal advice .
there is to be no fraternizing with the enemy .
there was a cherry tree growing in the garden .
there were a lot of men among the inhabitants .
there were more than fifty girls at the party .
there were no railroads in japan at that time .
there's a spring in the center of the village .
these clothes are dirty and need to be washed .
these oil fields have only begun to be tapped .
they caught him playing a trick on his sister .
they defused the bomb before it could blow up .
they had been thinking about it for some time .
they have solved the problem once and for all .
they kept him waiting outside for a long time .
they shook hands when they met at the airport .
they should have told us they were moving out .
they were walking along the street arm in arm .
this bad weather is more than i bargained for .
this book is easy enough for children to read .
this desk is different from the one i ordered .
this flower is yellow and the others are blue .
this is the best tasting pear i've ever eaten .
this is the place where the battle took place .
this lake is among the deepest in the country .
three years have gone by since we got married .
today i got to meet my new philosophy teacher .
tom and mary don't really have much in common .
tom couldn't forget mary even if he wanted to .
tom didn't drink the milk mary poured for him .
tom drank the whole bottle of wine by himself .
tom found a hundred dollar bill on the street .
tom is the most intelligent guy i've ever met .
tom is the one who broke the window yesterday .
tom isn't sure he's ready to perform on stage .
tom picked up some pretty shells on the beach .
tom said he'd be willing to try anything once .
tom seems to be about to ask another question .
tom tasted the soup and said it was delicious .
tom wanted to spend more time with his family .
very good , but you're capable of doing better .
we can't live even one more day without water .
we differed as to the solution to the problem .
we have a new student joining our class today .
we haven't seen each other since we were kids .
we managed to get it back without her knowing .
we really hope another war will not break out .
we will someday make the world a better place .
well done ! you have drawn this picture nicely .
what are some good foods to eat with potatoes ?
what do nurses spend most of their time doing ?
what fruit would you like to have for dessert ?
what is the most beautiful thing in the world ?
what person does everyone take off his hat to ?
what subject do you think he is interested in ?
what time does the next train leave for tokyo ?
what time is your plane scheduled to take off ?
what you said makes absolutely no sense to me .
whatever you do , don't ever press this button .
when you're mad , count to ten before speaking .
where did you get those strange - looking shoes ?
which comes first , your career or your family ?
who can afford to buy such an expensive house ?
who drives better , your father or your mother ?
who knows more about you than your own mother ?
why don't you just ask your parents for money ?
will you pick me up at seven tomorrow morning ?
world war one had ended just 15 years earlier .
would you have time to help me with something ?
would you kindly make room for this old woman ?
would you please tell this gentleman who i am ?
you are bound to fail unless you study harder .
you can borrow a copy from any public library .
you can see the ancient ruins in the distance .
you don't seem to realize how serious this is .
you have something in your pockets , don't you ?
you may give this picture to whoever wants it .
you must get the job done before the deadline .
you should pay more attention to what he says .
you should write it down before you forget it .
you'll get a lot of presents on your birthday .
you'll soon get used to living in the country .
you're just not the person i thought you were .
you're the last person i expected to see here .
you're the only person i know that can't swim .
you've got my sunglasses and i want them back .
your efforts will be rewarded in the long run .
a beautiful salesgirl waited on me in the shop .
a fire broke out in my neighborhood last night .
a fire broke out in the supermarket last night .
a good teacher must be patient with his pupils .
a lot of people are dealing with allergies now .
a lunar month is shorter than a calendar month .
a silhouette of a girl appeared on the curtain .
a strange sound was heard from behind the door .
about one third of the earth's surface is land .
after decades of civil war , order was restored .
although she is rich , she dresses quite simply .
are you going to vote in the upcoming election ?
at night , parents tuck their children into bed .
can i see the special exhibit with this ticket ?
can you please tell me where the restaurant is ?
can you save enough money for the down payment ?
corn is an important crop in the united states .
did you enjoy yourself at the party last night ?
didn't you know that tom could play the guitar ?
do you think that you would enjoy being famous ?
does this mean that we have to file bankruptcy ?
doing that sort of thing makes you look stupid .
don't be lulled into a false sense of security .
don't expect me to help you with your homework .
don't hesitate to tell me if you need anything .
don't kill the goose that lays the golden eggs .
during the war , factories ran around the clock .
fortunately , there is an elevator in our hotel .
generally , women live 10 years longer than men .
harajuku is one of the hottest places in tokyo .
have you decided on the subject of your thesis ?
he admitted that he wanted to escape from here .
he can speak both english and french very well .
he comes into contact with all kinds of people .
he complains of not having enough time to read .
he didn't have time to spend with his children .
he happened to catch sight of a rare butterfly .
he is so careless that he often makes mistakes .
he is unmarried and has no brothers or sisters .
he is very slow at making friends with anybody .
he left the mexican capital to return to texas .
he lives in a posh apartment near central park .
he looked like a deer caught in the headlights .
he ran the risk of being caught and imprisoned .
he should have the right to decide for himself .
he suggested that i accompany him to the party .
he took the job without giving it much thought .
he was court - martialed for dereliction of duty .
he was surprised to hear about the murder case .
he will have to undergo an operation next week .
he witnessed the accident on his way to school .
he won the first prize at the chess tournament .
her behavior at the party was far from perfect .
her genius makes up for her lack of experience .
her husband has been in prison for three years .
her mother lives in the country all by herself .
her voice could hardly be heard over the noise .
his camera is three times as expensive as mine .
his high salary enabled him to live in comfort .
his name is known to everybody in this country .
his niece is attractive and mature for her age .
how about eating out this evening for a change ?
how can you tell good english from bad english ?
how do you think you'd look wearing that dress ?
i am glad that the matter was settled amicably .
i am looking forward to seeing you next sunday .
i am not used to drinking coffee without sugar .
i began to doubt the accuracy of his statement .
i can't believe i didn't think of that earlier .
i can't believe this is really happening to me .
i can't believe you're talking to me like this .
i can't do anything until this project is done .
i can't figure out how to operate this machine .
i can't help thinking my father is still alive .
i can't see in because the curtains are closed .
i can't thank you enough for all your kindness .
i can't think of anything that i'd like better .
i didn't quite catch the name of that designer .
i didn't tell anyone what time i'd be arriving .
i don't know exactly at what time she's coming .
i don't know how you can believe such nonsense .
i don't want to discourage you from doing that .
i don't want to wait any longer than necessary .
i figure that she will succeed in her business .
i have a feeling i've met her somewhere before .
i have the same dictionary as your brother has .
i just wish we could leave this horrible place .
i looked around hoping to spot a friendly face .
i met him by accident at the airport yesterday .
i play guitar with a band every saturday night .
i regretted having wasted a great deal of time .
i remember the horror i felt when she screamed .
i remembered your birthday this year , didn't i ?
i shouldn't have drunk so much beer last night .
i sometimes hear my father singing in the bath .
i spent the summer vacation at my aunt's house .
i thought this pair of shoes would last longer .
i thought you'd want to try some japanese food .
i want you to tell me everything that happened .
i wanted to know why you didn't come yesterday .
i will be very happy to accept your invitation .
i would appreciate a reply as soon as possible .
i would like to thank you for your cooperation .
i would really appreciate a glass of cold beer .
i'll look after your affairs when you are dead .
i'll mow the lawn tomorrow if it's not raining .
i'm glad for this opportunity to work with you .
i'm so drunk now that i'm seeing two keyboards .
i'm sorry i'm such a big disappointment to you .
i'm sorry to hear that your father passed away .
i'm thinking of visiting you one of these days .
i'm very much obliged to you for your kindness .
i've been asked to forward this message to you .
i've been studying french for a very long time .
i've been upset not having written you a reply .
i've been very busy since the new term started .
in addition to that , he failed the examination .
in all likelihood , it will rain this afternoon .
is it really possible to do a brain transplant ?
is that what you were talking about last night ?
is there anything you want that you don't have ?
is this ladder strong enough to bear my weight ?
it appeared to me that he was very intelligent .
it doesn't matter whether he comes late or not .
it is good for us to understand other cultures .
it is impossible to put the plan into practice .
it is necessary that we provide for the future .
it is not surprising that he was elected mayor .
it looks like tom doesn't really want this job .
it looks like we might have good weather today .
it makes no difference whether he comes or not .
it matters little whether he comes late or not .
it requires more courage to suffer than to die .
it takes time to speak a foreign language well .
it took me two hours to memorize this sentence .
it was careless of you to forget your homework .
it was one of the great discoveries in science .
it was the bad weather that caused his illness .
it was very different from what i had imagined .
it's easy to lose your footing on loose gravel .
it's easy to see the fireworks from over there .
it's important to eat three square meals a day .
it's unusual for you to do something like that .
it's up to you to keep things running smoothly .
john and mary have known each other since 1976 .
juggling is another thing i'm not very good at .
let's hope that tom can handle that by himself .
let's put this money aside for our summer trip .
miniskirts have been out of date for some time .
my computer has got to be useful for something .
my father and mother were sitting under a tree .
my house is ten minutes' walk from the station .
my parents pushed me to quit the baseball club .
never rub your eyes after cutting a hot pepper .
no amount of training can prepare you for this .
no sooner had he arrived than the bus departed .
not everyone believed this plan was a good one .
once a species goes extinct , it's gone forever .
one million people lost their lives in the war .
painting is another thing i can do fairly well .
parents need to set the rules around the house .
please settle this account by october 28 , 1998 .
prices are double what they were ten years ago .
prices are double what they were two years ago .
she advised him to take better care of himself .
she breaks a dish every time she washes dishes .
she could not keep her daughter from going out .
she did not eat anything until she was rescued .
she is the one you should model yourself after .
she is trying to prove the existence of ghosts .
she isn't old enough to get a driver's license .
she may have been beautiful when she was young .
she set up an association to help blind people .
she stayed up late to finish sewing your dress .
she suggested that the customer buy a blue tie .
she talked on and on about her family problems .
she was always ready to help people in trouble .
she's curious to find out who sent the flowers .
she's not old enough to get a driver's license .
sheep are bred for their fleece and their meat .
sleep is no less necessary to health than food .
somebody must break the sad news to her mother .
someday she'll have to pay for what she's done .
something happened here , but i don't know what .
something is wrong with the engine of this car .
something must have happened to him on the way .
sooner or later , the hostages will be released .
spending time with friends on the beach is fun .
that student raised his hand to ask a question .
the mona lisa was painted by leonardo da vinci .
the actor died at the height of his popularity .
the bakery is located next to the butcher shop .
the baseball game was put off till next sunday .
the bus was empty except for one elderly woman .
the busy mother told the children to run along .
the captain gave the order to abandon the ship .
the cause of his death still remains a mystery .
the chances are that the bill will be rejected .
the cherry blossoms are at their best in april .
the groom left the bride standing at the altar .
the moment she was alone she opened the letter .
the new fur coats were displayed in the window .
the new students entered the hall full of hope .
the petals floated on the surface of the water .
the police say they know you had an accomplice .
the poor girl made a living by selling flowers .
the population of this city is on the increase .
the price of vegetables varies from day to day .
the rain didn't stop them from doing their job .
the reason which he gave is hard to understand .
the robber aimed his gun at the police officer .
the robber ran away when the policeman saw him .
the space race was an exciting time in history .
the three boys had only two dollars among them .
the workers came to ask about their pay raises .
there are no food stores in the immediate area .
there is a police car parked outside our house .
there is no denying that she is very efficient .
there was a drop in temperature after the rain .
there was a large audience in the concert hall .
there was a large harvest of peaches last year .
there's no guarantee that the stock will go up .
they advertised that they had a house for sale .
they gathered at the coffee shop for a meeting .
they say that you never forget your first love .
they sell various kinds of goods at that store .
they were stuck in the elevator for four hours .
this is the reason why i didn't come yesterday .
this is the village where i spent my childhood .
this letter says that he will arrive on monday .
this morning i missed the train i usually take .
this side of the house catches the morning sun .
this year , valentine's day falls on a thursday .
tom and i aren't friends . we're just coworkers .
tom couldn't borrow as much money as he needed .
tom didn't know who mary was planning to marry .
tom doesn't have a date for the saturday night .
tom doesn't know whether to turn left or right .
tom doesn't want to deal with this problem now .
tom has been absent from school for three days .
tom has been dating mary for about three years .
tom hasn't eaten anything in the past 36 hours .
tom looked very tired when i saw him yesterday .
tom put all his belongings in a small suitcase .
tom says that he's never tried eating dog food .
tom still hasn't found what he was looking for .
tom's bitten his nails right down to the quick .
unless you stop fighting , i'll call the police .
we are having a serious talk about your future .
we can't have all those people over for dinner .
we have nothing to lose and everything to gain .
we have to make sure we have enough volunteers .
we missed you very much at the party yesterday .
we observed this plant closely for a few weeks .
we probably won't have to go to boston anymore .
we shouldn't have left tom alone in the garage .
we want to know why you weren't here yesterday .
we wish him all success in his future endeavor .
we'll dine together and then go to the theater .
we'll have lived here for two years next april .
we're in the process of writing the report now .
what do you think might be causing the problem ?
what makes you think i don't like your friends ?
what were you doing when i called this morning ?
what's wrong with being nude in your own house ?
when he finished speaking , there was a silence .
when we arrived , the lecture had already begun .
where is the most beautiful place in the world ?
where were you when your wife disappeared , tom ?
while in london , he visited the british museum .
who can predict what will happen in the future ?
why don't you stop worrying and get some sleep ?
why don't you tell me what happened last night ?
why wouldn't you let me tell you what happened ?
with a little more patience , you could succeed .
you attach too much importance to what he says .
you can see the whole park from the restaurant .
you can't have a rainbow without a little rain .
you must be careful when talking to a european .
you're the best thing that ever happened to me .
you've always got to be ready for an emergency .
zoology and botany deal with the study of life .
a customs official asked me to open my suitcase .
a detective arrived upon the scene of the crime .
a girl approached the king from among the crowd .
a great crowd waited for the president to speak .
a known mistake is better than an unknown truth .
actors and politicians never pass up a photo op .
al capone was finally sent away for tax evasion .
all the children fell asleep before it got dark .
all the people present were moved by his speech .
americans spend much of their free time at home .
an atomic bomb was dropped on hiroshima in 1945 .
an eagle's wings are more than one meter across .
any play opening to bad reviews won't last long .
buses in the country don't usually come on time .
calculate how much money we will need next year .
can you direct me to the nearest subway station ?
can you imagine him driving such a splendid car ?
can't this wait until things are back to normal ?
coastal cities will take the brunt of the storm .
could you lend me some money until this weekend ?
could you please tell me your height and weight ?
delete his name from the list of the applicants .
did you choose an interesting book for your son ?
do you have any idea what they're talking about ?
do you really think that your plan is realistic ?
do you think he will be elected president again ?
don't you think it's strange that he's not here ?
educational reforms still have a long way to go .
even though it's small , it's a great restaurant .
even though it's small , it's still my apartment .
everyone in the class learned the poem by heart .
everything that you say may be used against you .
germany did not want war with the united states .
give a thief enough rope and he'll hang himself .
he always leaves the window open when he sleeps .
he decided to rent his property to that company .
he doesn't get along with anybody in the office .
he is a scientist who is respected by everybody .
he likes not only baseball but football as well .
he needs a more productive outlet for his anger .
he said better times were ahead for the country .
he stayed in bed because he wasn't feeling well .
he thinks that blue is the most beautiful color .
he thought that it would be interesting and fun .
he took over the business after his father died .
he was overwhelmed by the intensity of her love .
he worked hard in order to pass the examination .
his joke made all the class burst into laughter .
how can you tell an englishman from an american ?
how do you eat like that without gaining weight ?
i apologize for the delay in sending the agenda .
i can see some people walking across the street .
i can't see you without thinking of your mother .
i can't understand what you're trying to get at .
i didn't like this game until i started winning .
i don't believe you . you're always telling lies .
i don't know why you didn't tell me immediately .
i don't understand why he didn't tell the truth .
i doubt this is anything you'd be interested in .
i feel the need to do something different today .
i felt out of place in the expensive restaurant .
i hate it when my clothes smell like cigarettes .
i have no intention of meddling in your affairs .
i have read three shakespearian works up to now .
i haven't eaten french food since i left france .
i heard a strange noise coming from the kitchen .
i knew there was something fishy about that guy .
i know an english teacher who comes from canada .
i know you aren't stupid enough to believe that .
i made friends with them at the school festival .
i often use ssh to access my computers remotely .
i promised to help my brother with his homework .
i reserved my hotel room three weeks in advance .
i shouldn't have drunk that last bottle of beer .
i spoke slowly so that they could understand me .
i still haven't gotten over what happened to me .
i succeeded in reaching the top of the mountain .
i suppose you're already packed and ready to go .
i think i've persuaded tom to donate some money .
i think tom probably doesn't like you very much .
i think it's highly unlikely that tom will swim .
i think you know exactly what i'm talking about .
i thought you'd always wanted to see this movie .
i will forgive him out of consideration for you .
i will give these tickets to whoever wants them .
i will have finished the work before you return .
i wish she would stop playing that stupid music .
i wonder what the weather will be like tomorrow .
i'd like to confirm my reservation for the 30th .
i'm afraid even your friends can't save you now .
i'm amazed by the rate at which industries grow .
i'm getting back together with my ex - girlfriend .
i'm going to japan with my girlfriend in august .
i'm pretty sure that tom doesn't have a brother .
i'm really busy today , otherwise i would accept .
i'm thinking about putting my house up for sale .
i've been working since i was sixteen years old .
in all probability , we'll arrive before they do .
in politics there are no friends , only partners .
is there a link between smoking and lung cancer ?
it is certain that he will pass the examination .
it is hard to distinguish you from your brother .
it is necessary for you to go there immediately .
it is one of the biggest summer music festivals .
it is preferable that he gets there by tomorrow .
it is useless to discuss the matter any further .
it makes no difference whether you agree or not .
it wasn't until yesterday that i heard the news .
it will take some time before he understands it .
it's anybody's guess who will win the next race .
it's difficult to understand why you want to go .
it's hard for me to express ideas through words .
it's not necessary to write more than 400 words .
it's rumored that they are going to get married .
juggling is actually a lot easier than it looks .
let's forget the past and talk about the future .
let's get down to brass tacks and talk business .
let's go get snockered like we did last weekend .
let's list all the reasons we shouldn't do that .
listen carefully and do exactly what i tell you .
look up words you don't know in your dictionary .
mary thinks that the world is a dangerous place .
maybe tom was trying to warn us about something .
monopoly is a popular game for families to play .
my boss rejected the budget for the new project .
my first impression of him proved to be correct .
my mother always gets up earlier in the morning .
my mother was in the hospital during the summer .
my parents never punished me for anything i did .
on the other hand , there are some disadvantages .
once you've started something , don't give it up .
our french teacher gives us a test every monday .
people might think you're stupid if you do that .
photography is now considered a new form of art .
please note that the price is subject to change .
science does not solve all the problems of life .
she always takes her time in choosing her dress .
she asked me to continue writing to your father .
she explained to him why she couldn't visit him .
she inferred from his silence that he was angry .
she looked at the picture to refresh her memory .
she married him even though she didn't like him .
she realized that she had better tell the truth .
she taught the child never to play with matches .
she tried to persuade him to attend the meeting .
she tried to persuade him to organize a boycott .
she was absent from school because she was sick .
she was accused of having lied about the affair .
she was approaching thirty when i first met her .
she would often practice the violin on the roof .
some months have thirty days , others thirty one .
someone ate all the cookies from the cookie jar .
stop worrying about that and focus on your work .
that guy is always asking his parents for money .
the beatles gave five concerts in tokyo in 1996 .
the accused told the judge that he was innocent .
the baby has been crying for almost ten minutes .
the bad weather delayed the plane for two hours .
the birth rate and death rate were nearly equal .
the cause of the accident is a complete mystery .
the doctor advised him not to eat between meals .
the doctor advised him to stop working too much .
the doctor advised my father to give up smoking .
the doctor warned him of the dangers of smoking .
the fact that i'm here proves that i'm innocent .
the military has a very strict chain of command .
the pier took a real beating from the hurricane .
the plane was delayed on account of bad weather .
the police started to look into the murder case .
the professor gave a lecture on the middle east .
the rainy season begins towards the end of june .
the salesclerk will come to help you right away .
the scientist is famous both at home and abroad .
the soldiers on the boats would be easy targets .
the sound of a gunshot echoed across the canyon .
the teacher has a great influence on his pupils .
the teacher taught them that the earth is round .
the thief was marched off to the police station .
the three boys opened the doors of the building .
the two men sitting on the bench were americans .
there are not enough chairs in the meeting room .
there have been many cases of cholera this year .
there was a curtain which was covering the door .
they awarded her first prize at the flower show .
they couldn't find out why your car won't start .
they look just like rats leaving a sinking ship .
they usually go to school from monday to friday .
this book deals with life in the united kingdom .
this book deals with the invasion of the romans .
this book is way more interesting than that one .
this is the most comfortable chair in our house .
this is the most enjoyable thing i've ever done .
this is the same necklace that i lost yesterday .
tom didn't arrive until it was already too late .
tom doesn't have the will power to quit smoking .
tom doesn't take very good care of his children .
tom has a friend whose mother is a veterinarian .
tom is probably just a little younger than mary .
tom knew mary understood what they needed to do .
tom learned how to do that from his grandfather .
tom plays tennis after school three days a week .
tom pushed against the door with all his weight .
tom said he wouldn't mind sleeping on the floor .
tom told me later that he wasn't really married .
tom waited patiently for three hours , then left .
tom wanted mary to tell him about her childhood .
tom was in almost every picture in mary's album .
tom won't be going camping with us this weekend .
two months have passed since he left for france .
we climbed up the mountain , but with difficulty .
we have another ten miles to walk before sunset .
we must work hard to break down social barriers .
we often hear about an energy crisis these days .
we should write a formal letter to the director .
we were just about to leave when she telephoned .
what color are you going to paint tom's bedroom ?
what do firefighters do when there are no fires ?
what is the second largest country in the world ?
what you have said applies only to single women .
who's to say it's not what's supposed to happen ?
why does the us government let people have guns ?
will you exchange this sweater for a larger one ?
would you like to talk about what just happened ?
would you like to visit the white house someday ?
you look like you've just lost your best friend .
you need another ten dollars to buy that camera .
you should be careful in your choice of friends .
you should set a good example for your children .
you should spend more time studying than you do .
you shouldn't get near my dog while he's eating .
you thought i wouldn't come tonight , didn't you ?
you were nodding off at times during my lecture .
you will soon get accustomed to your new school .
you would have to practice the violin every day .
you'd better sober up before the boss gets back .
you're not the only one who doesn't believe tom .
you're the only person who shows me any respect .
a long piece of thread easily becomes tangled up .
a lot of passengers were injured in the accident .
a man who smacks his wife around is contemptible .
a monument was erected in memory of the deceased .
against the snow , the white rabbit was invisible .
all the money put together still won't be enough .
all this bickering is starting to fray my nerves .
and with that we finish the activities for today .
apparently , the murder happened in a locked room .
are you going to do your homework this afternoon ?
can you give me a geological explanation of lava ?
cost is a definite factor in making our decision .
despite all his setbacks , he remains an optimist .
do you have any other questions about the matter ?
do you really hide your money under the mattress ?
due to the fog , traffic is temporarily suspended .
elephants are the world ’ s largest land animals .
even wounds that have healed , leave scars behind .
fewer young people know how to write in longhand .
fish can be dry and tasteless if it's overcooked .
food and blankets were given out to the refugees .
food must be chewed well to be digested properly .
generally speaking , the climate of japan is mild .
give your passport number and your date of birth .
have you gotten used to eating japanese food yet ?
have you told everyone where the meeting will be ?
he always leaves the window open while he sleeps .
he calculated that it would cost him 100 dollars .
he couldn't get his ideas across to the students .
he died a few days before his hundredth birthday .
he has a sufficient income to support his family .
he has friends from many different walks of life .
he has something to do with the traffic accident .
he is considered the prime suspect by the police .
he lost hope and killed himself by taking poison .
he never goes out fishing without taking his son .
he referred to his past experience in his speech .
he should apologize for being rude to the guests .
he sits in this chair when he watches television .
he spends all his time chatting online on jabber .
he started learning english at the age of eleven .
he thanked the host for the very enjoyable party .
he was still alive when the rescue party arrived .
he was writing a letter while listening to music .
he wasn't earning a large salary when he retired .
her hopes were dashed when she heard the verdict .
his older sister is older than my oldest brother .
how come you know so much about japanese history ?
hundreds of thousands of people were out of work .
i always thought that tom would become a teacher .
i am having trouble with one thing after another .
i am not accustomed to making speeches in public .
i ate lunch at around eleven because i was hungry
i believe it's my duty to protect these children .
i borrowed the screwdriver from a friend of mine .
i called my friend after arriving at the station .
i can't figure out why nobody comes here anymore .
i can't necessarily agree with you on that point .
i couldn't help laughing when i heard that story .
i don't agree with segregation of people by race .
i don't think anyone really expected you to help .
i don't want to hear another complaint about you .
i hadn't planned to tell you anything about this .
i heard that there were alligators in the sewers .
i know i've said some pretty stupid things today .
i never miss the opportunity to eat italian food .
i never thought tom would do something like that .
i ought to have made a hotel reservation earlier .
i promise to return this videotape within a week .
i talked to him on the telephone yesterday night .
i think i understand the pressures you are under .
i usually buy my clothes at the department store .
i want my children to reach their full potential .
i was wondering if i could borrow your newspaper .
i wonder if exchange students can join this club .
i would like to thank you for your collaboration .
i'd like to determine the value of this painting .
i'd like to forget the whole thing ever happened .
i'd like to leave the city and rediscover nature .
i'd like you to translate this book into english .
i'll let you know if i find anything interesting .
i'll talk to him at the earliest possible moment .
i'm going to the supermarket to do some shopping .
i'm not willing to cook dinner for twenty people .
i'm sick and tired of eating zucchinis every day .
i've been very busy since i returned from abroad .
i've paid parking fines a number of times myself .
is there somewhere in europe you'd like to visit ?
it is irresponsible of you to break your promise .
it is morning . the children are eating breakfast .
it is regrettable that you did not start earlier .
it was impossible for me to answer this question .
it's supposed to get colder and snow later today .
just promise me that you won't do anything silly .
last week she gave birth to a beautiful daughter .
lincoln was a good politician and a smart lawyer .
may i charge my cell phone somewhere around here ?
my father disapproved of my going to the concert .
my grandfather made the company what it is today .
my sister married him in spite of our objections .
my uncle died of cancer of the stomach yesterday .
my uncle was standing there with his arms folded .
my younger brother swims every day in the summer .
no one found any reason to criticize his actions .
only young children and old fools tell the truth .
our ancestors came to this country 150 years ago .
our company's showroom was a hit with the ladies .
our math teacher drew a circle on the blackboard .
participants in a seance try to contact the dead .
please inform me of any changes in the situation .
please take your time before deciding what to do .
please tell me what you think about this article .
quite a few people came to the meeting yesterday .
reaction is not always the best course of action .
repetition does not transform a lie into a truth .
rice is cultivated in several parts of the world .
schools and roads are services paid for by taxes .
she asked me whether she could use the telephone .
she had her heavy suitcase carried by the porter .
she has a claim on her deceased husband's estate .
she herself helped him because no one else would .
she might have been beautiful when she was young .
simmer the butter and garlic in a small saucepan .
some people still believe that the world is flat .
that brings up another point i'd like to discuss .
that's one of the weirdest things i've ever seen .
that's the computer he used to write the article .
the children were so noisy that i couldn't study .
the company spends a lot of money on advertising .
the death toll from the hurricane climbed to 200 .
the door will lock automatically when you go out .
the government is trying to get rid of pollution .
the grass always seems greener on the other side .
the hard rain spoiled our hike through the woods .
the heavy snow made them put off their departure .
the house stood out because of its unusual shape .
the house was more expensive than i had expected .
the invention of the transistor marked a new era .
the king reigned over his people for forty years .
the media blew the whole thing out of proportion .
the money should be distributed to those in need .
the new bridge will have been completed by march .
the plane we boarded was bound for san francisco .
the police found the politician dead in his room .
the poor young man finally became a great artist .
the professor treated her as one of his students .
the red lines on the map represent railway lines .
the river which flows through paris is the seine .
the soldiers were ready to die for their country .
the suspect was holed up in an abandoned factory .
there are a number of nice restaurants near here .
there is a strong bond of affection between them .
there is nothing that can't be bought with money .
there were three empty wine bottles on the table .
there's a policeman outside who wants to see you .
there's not enough light in this room for sewing .
these problems will be solved in the near future .
they dug through the mountain and built a tunnel .
this book is much more interesting than that one .
this flower is the most beautiful of all flowers .
this is the most interesting book i've ever read .
this story is far more interesting than that one .
today , many people worry about losing their jobs .
tom always drinks his coffee black with no sugar .
tom always walks to school when it isn't raining .
tom asked mary whether she'd like to go shopping .
tom couldn't afford to buy the bicycle he wanted .
tom didn't know where mary had put her suitcases .
tom doesn't know where mary learned how to drive .
tom doesn't think i'm interested in what he does .
tom doesn't want mary to go anywhere without him .
tom has a history of arrests for drunken driving .
tom kicked down the door and entered mary's room .
tom must be aware that mary is john's girlfriend .
tom promised mary that he wouldn't do that again .
tom was trying to control his own violent temper .
tom wasn't aware of the gravity of the situation .
tom's face feels rough because he needs to shave .
unfortunately , i already have plans for that day .
we had to postpone the gathering because of rain .
we have not yet discussed which method is better .
we must see the matter in its proper perspective .
we need to add some statistics to the powerpoint .
we need to remember to mail this letter tomorrow .
we should have phoned ahead and reserved a table .
we'll allow a 5 percent discount off list prices .
we've decided to move the meeting to next sunday .
we've done something similar to that in the past .
what are you doing buying a house that expensive ?
what is the distance between new york and london ?
what language do they speak in the united states ?
who is currently the richest person in the world ?
why are you sorry for something you haven't done ?
would you be interested in having dinner with me ?
wring those clothes well before you hang them up .
you can use margarine as a substitute for butter .
you can't be too careful in situations like this .
you can't drink seawater because it is too salty .
you can't leave until you've said goodbye to tom .
you don't understand how worried i was about you .
you have the freedom to travel wherever you like .
you need to calm down and pull yourself together .
you should apologize to her for being so distant .
you should have told me about the problem sooner .
you shouldn't drink so much coffee late at night .
you will miss japanese food in the united states .
you'll be able to see the difference very easily .
you'll get into trouble if your parents find out .
you're still too young to get a driver's license .
you're the best thing that's ever happened to me .
your stupid remark just added fuel to the flames .
zurich is considered to be a major financial hub .
a bad cold prevented her from attending the class .
a bad writer's prose is full of hackneyed phrases .
all the members of the committee hate one another .
americans are frank enough to say what they think .
an animal can be much more dangerous when wounded .
an individual is the smallest unit of the society .
are you content with your position in the company ?
are you doing anything special for new year's eve ?
can you touch your toes without bending your legs ?
certain details of the crime were not made public .
could you verify that your computer is plugged in ?
do you think that handguns should be made illegal ?
france has a higher birthrate than most of europe .
girls are often judged by how attractive they are .
grades are important , but they are not everything .
have there been any signs of the missing children ?
he apologized to us for having broken his promise .
he chose not to run for the presidential election .
he described the accident in detail to the police .
he doesn't have the necessary skills for that job .
he fashioned a walking stick from a fallen branch .
he is capable of teaching both english and french .
he is well acquainted with the history of england .
he waited for several seconds and opened the door .
he went on talking as though nothing had happened .
his father passed away last night in the hospital .
hokkaido is located in the northern part of japan .
hope of finding the child alive is fading rapidly .
how old were you when you started studying french ?
i absolutely must know what you're planning to do .
i came across this book in a secondhand bookstore .
i came to the conclusion that something was wrong .
i don't have the authority to give you permission .
i entered tom's office after knocking on the door .
i had difficulty getting a ticket for the concert .
i know you are hiding yourself behind the curtain .
i need to understand the meaning of this sentence .
i never stay anywhere long enough to make friends .
i persuaded the policeman not to shoot the monkey .
i played video games after i finished my homework .
i still think it's unlikely that he'll come today .
i thought she wouldn't notice that he wasn't here .
i wanted you to understand what you're up against .
i was just wondering what languages you can speak .
i would never have guessed that tom couldn't swim .
i would've never guessed that tom was from boston .
i'm getting sick and tired of all your complaints .
i'm going to lay aside that money for emergencies .
i've been waiting here for him since this morning .
i've got to go to another dreary meeting tomorrow .
if you don't study harder , you'll definitely fail .
is this the first time you've eaten japanese food ?
it looked like no one could stop president reagan .
it's been a long time since i've written anything .
it's said that nothing is more precious than time .
jupiter is the largest planet in the solar system .
just promise me that you won't do anything stupid .
loneliness and being alone are not the same thing .
many tv programs have a bad influence on children .
many people pushed their way toward the rear exit .
mary and alice both married men younger than them .
mary cut herself while she was chopping up onions .
my brother was threatened by someone waving a gun .
my grandmother on my mother's side lives in osaka .
my husband was probably drunk when he signed this .
my teeth are totally healthy and free of problems .
our city is rather small in comparison with tokyo .
our teacher often overlooked his name on the list .
pay attention to what others around you are doing .
please come pick up your package at the reception .
please forward this to as many people as possible .
please let me see your passport and boarding pass .
she is going to visit her grandmother on saturday .
she married him only because her parents made her .
she promised that she would meet him after school .
she seems to have a tendency to exaggerate things .
she taught french in italy before moving to paris .
she was looking forward to going sailing with him .
she was looking forward to spending time with him .
she was playing the piano when the guests arrived .
she was standing on a ladder painting the ceiling .
she wished she had been born twenty years earlier .
some flowers bloom in spring and others in autumn .
some kids broke into tom's house and ransacked it .
some people are never content with what they have .
some people believe in god and other people don't .
somebody has to be held accountable for his death .
tell me why you were absent from school yesterday .
that last round of chemo really sapped his energy .
the coliseum was the former arena in ancient rome .
the french president is to visit japan next month .
the airline sent my suitcase to boston by mistake .
the assignment took me longer than i had expected .
the children watched tv as tom was cooking dinner .
the cloning of human embryos is prohibited by law .
the local coffee shop was replaced by a starbucks .
the monthly staff meeting is never held on monday .
the new tunnel will link great britain and france .
the official dinner took place at the white house .
the old man is always accompanied by his grandson .
the outdoor concert was canceled due to the storm .
the problem is that solar energy is too expensive .
the product is guaranteed to be free from defects .
the swimmer raised his head and gasped for breath .
the talks will deal with the problem of pollution .
the telephone is ringing , but nobody is answering .
the trip was canceled because of a terrible storm .
the very idea of being sent abroad delighted them .
there are about seven billion people in the world .
there's something else i need to discuss with you .
these are the steps that lead straight to failure .
they awarded her a gold metal for her achievement .
this is the dictionary i told you about yesterday .
this is the very dictionary i've been looking for .
this mountain is covered with snow all year round .
this piece of information is very important to us .
this theory is too difficult for me to comprehend .
this vending machine takes only hundred - yen coins .
tom didn't commit the crimes he's been accused of .
tom mistakenly ate his entree with his salad fork .
tom often eats popcorn when he's watching a movie .
tom thinks women in america wear too much perfume .
tom usually gives easy - to - understand explanations .
tom's parents got divorced when he was very young .
water freezes at zero degrees celsius , doesn't it ?
we already have three events booked for next week .
we bought our plane tickets two months in advance .
we should not impose our opinions on other people .
we were late for school because it rained heavily .
what accounts for the fact that women outlive men ?
what is the main purpose of your studying english ?
what is the poorest country in the european union ?
what was the first instrument you learned to play ?
what's the difference between a star and a planet ?
when will that picture i wanted enlarged be ready ?
where is the boarding gate for japan airlines 124 ?
which is the most difficult language in the world ?
why have the apes evolved more than other animals ?
will you entertain the guests while i get dressed ?
would you like to get together again next weekend ?
wouldn't it be a better idea to cancel everything ?
you are very fortunate that you have such friends .
you catch more flies with honey than with vinegar .
you don't have the qualifications to lead a group .
you have provided me with some very useful advice .
you need to stop ignoring email messages from tom .
you should not have done it without my permission .
a person who chases two rabbits won't catch either .
according to our teacher , she entered the hospital .
anyone can do their bit to protect the environment .
at least you'll have something to write home about .
crows all but destroyed the farmer's field of corn .
do not count your chickens before they are hatched .
don't people tell you you look like audrey hepburn ?
don't trust people who praise you in your presence .
during the war , people went through many hardships .
generally speaking , boys like girls with long hair .
generally speaking , little girls are fond of dolls .
have you read the leading article in today's paper ?
he became the company president when he was thirty .
he confirmed that something was wrong with his car .
he dedicated his whole life to helping poor people .
he didn't make public what he had discovered there .
he doesn't have the necessary skills for that task .
he had led the republican party with great success .
he has only a superficial knowledge of the subject .
he introduced me to his relatives at the reception .
he is acquainted with the modern history of france .
he is in charge of entertaining the foreign guests .
he is not aggressive enough to succeed in business .
he kicked his shoes off without untying them first .
he refused our offer to arrange a press conference .
he requested that i come here again this afternoon .
he will never live up to his parent's expectations .
his story was too ridiculous for anyone to believe .
how many letters are there in the english alphabet ?
i agree with your interpretation to a large extent .
i can't believe that you actually got into harvard .
i can't understand why she doesn't love me anymore .
i couldn't bring myself to throw your picture away .
i couldn't prevent tom from eating all the cookies .
i don't earn enough money to buy clothes regularly .
i don't like the polluted atmosphere of big cities .
i don't like to take on the heavy responsibilities .
i don't understand why she doesn't love me anymore .
i felt somebody patting on my shoulder from behind .
i found this book interesting from start to finish .
i guess you heard about what happened this morning .
i have practiced piano every day for fifteen years .
i hope your business trip to france was successful .
i interpreted what he said in french into japanese .
i need some cardboard boxes to pack my possessions .
i reminded him of his interview with the president .
i shouldn't have accused him of stealing the money .
i sometimes hear my father singing in the bathroom .
i think tom didn't understand what you were saying .
i think you should stick to your training schedule .
i'm thinking of going to germany to study medicine .
i'm very happy you'll be visiting tokyo next month .
i'm wondering what'll happen if i push this button .
i've never told anyone why i have trouble sleeping .
i've only had my driver's license for three months .
in addition to english , she speaks french fluently .
is there any difference between your idea and hers ?
it is believed that whales have their own language .
it is interesting that no one noticed that mistake .
it'll take some time to finish unloading the truck .
it's fun to learn slang words in foreign languages .
it's natural for family members to help each other .
it's no use pleading because they'll never give in .
it's no use pretending that you can't speak french .
losing your health is worse than losing your money .
make sure you turn everything off before you leave .
many stores offer discounts in the month of august .
many young people in japan eat bread for breakfast .
my father loves doing some tinkering in the garage .
never choose a vocation just because it looks easy .
piercings can be a form of rebellion for teenagers .
please speak more loudly so everybody can hear you .
possibly the factory will be closed down next week .
robert deniro made a cameo appearance in the movie .
she cleared the dishes from the table after dinner .
she gets herself worked up over every little thing .
she is capable of teaching both english and french .
she regretted that she had not followed his advice .
she was only 18 when she graduated from university .
some large birds prey upon small birds and animals .
some people believe that black cats bring bad luck .
the cabinet is meeting today to discuss the crisis .
the cold war ended when the soviet union collapsed .
the english class system is known for its snobbery .
the air we breathe consists of oxygen and nitrogen .
the artistic beauty of the garden is truly amazing .
the book i bought last week was really interesting .
the bronze statue looks quite nice from a distance .
the buildings were damaged by the storm last night .
the committee can only act in an advisory capacity .
the lunar month is shorter than the calendar month .
the money we offered them was obviously not enough .
the parents are playing a game with their children .
the person we're trying to catch is very dangerous .
the police assembled a lot of evidence against him .
the politician was thought to be telling the truth .
the ship will arrive in san francisco this evening .
the slaughter of the prisoners was a barbarous act .
the slippery snake slithered right out of his hand .
the smell of macaroni and cheese makes me nauseous .
the teacher dismissed his class when the bell rang .
the train was almost an hour behind schedule today .
there are dangers that threaten both men and women .
there aren't any fish living in this river anymore .
there is a subtle difference between the two words .
there seems to be something peculiar about the boy .
they do not waste anything nor throw anything away .
they have been on good terms with their neighbours .
they have enough capital to build a second factory .
they replaced the broken television with a new one .
they were pretty tired after having worked all day .
they were standing still with their eyes wide open .
this is a good dictionary for high school students .
this island belonged to france in the 19th century .
this medicine will ensure you a good night's sleep .
this novel was written by a famous american writer .
tom asked mary many questions about life in boston .
tom certainly doesn't seem to know what he's doing .
tom didn't say anything about where he'd come from .
tom finally decided to try jumping over the stream .
tom said he couldn't remember his own phone number .
tom says he feels much better today than yesterday .
tom thinks he can succeed where others have failed .
tom wants to forgive his father for abandoning him .
tom wasn't allowed to tell mary everything he knew .
tufts university is a very famous school in boston .
we are responsible for your protection from now on .
we dissected a frog to examine its internal organs .
we must create a safe environment for our children .
we're starting to question what we thought we knew .
what's the most important part of a good education ?
you must make allowance for his lack of experience .
you should have been more careful with your health .
you're the most beautiful woman in the whole world .
a drunk driver was responsible for the car accident .
do you intend to answer all my questions truthfully ?
do you think something like that will repeat itself ?
don't pretend you don't know what i'm talking about .
don't push your child into any vocation he dislikes .
fluency in english is a very marketable skill today .
fresh fruit and vegetables are good for your health .
he can do five somersaults without breaking a sweat .
he checked the calculations again just to make sure .
he had made enemies during his early political life .
he has no intention to interfere with your business .
he sometimes is absent from work without good cause .
he told the children about his adventures in africa .
he tried to approach her using every possible means .
he was completely cleared of the charge against him .
he was found lying unconscious on the kitchen floor .
he watched after the children as they were swimming .
he would often sit for hours without doing anything .
her ideas on education are very different from mine .
i can usually tell when someone is hiding something .
i can't help but feel like i've forgotten something .
i don't like to take on such heavy responsibilities .
i don't want you anywhere near the medicine cabinet .
i returned to my hometown after five years' absence .
i think he has enough intelligence to understand it .
i went to bed after preparing everything in advance .
i wish we could have met under better circumstances .
i'd like to discuss some problems we've been having .
i'll postpone my trip to scotland until it's warmer .
i'm looking forward to going hunting with my father .
in american football , a touchdown scores six points .
iran is the eighteenth largest country in the world .
is there any chance of my borrowing your typewriter ?
isn't there anything that will make you feel better ?
it goes without saying that money is not everything .
it's doubtful if we'll finish in time for christmas .
it's expensive to rent an office in downtown boston .
it's no use trying to keep secrets from journalists .
let's spend less time arguing and more time working .
meditation doesn't cost anything , but it takes time .
my driving instructor says i should be more patient .
my father has already given up smoking and drinking .
my grandmother was pulling up weeds in her backyard .
my little brother always sleeps with his teddy bear .
my neighbor always mows his lawn on sunday mornings .
my picture's in every police station in the country .
my pride prevented me from borrowing money from him .
my sister belonged to the basketball club last year .
nobody could've known that this was going to happen .
our ancestors arrived in this country 150 years ago .
our house has seven rooms including the dining room .
parents teach their children that it's wrong to lie .
people should be the masters of their own destinies .
please refer to the owner's manual for more details .
poyang lake is the largest freshwater lake in china .
save your long - winded explanations for someone else .
science has brought about many changes in our lives .
several houses were carried away by the great flood .
she breaks something every time she cleans the room .
she held him like mother gorillas hold their babies .
she introduced herself to the people who were there .
she would rather listen to others than talk herself .
some people are reading some magazines on the train .
that's the computer on which he writes his articles .
that's the reason why i couldn't attend the meeting .
the internet is now something we can't live without .
the botanist studied the flora of the remote island .
the children are building sand castles on the beach .
the cops like the victim's boyfriend for the murder .
the idea of surprising her suddenly crossed my mind .
the man left the restaurant without paying his bill .
the new engine must undergo all the necessary tests .
the newborn chicks still have not opened their eyes .
the next morning , the snowman had completely melted .
the police are investigating the cause of the crash .
the prime minister fell into the danube and drowned .
the production of vegetables is growing in our area .
the professor was unable to comprehend what i meant .
the senator has a very demanding schedule this week .
the speaker should stand where everyone can see him .
there's a huge mark up on imported electronic goods .
there's been a lawyer in the family for generations .
these cookies aren't expensive , but they taste good .
these simple tips will help you declutter your home .
they carried the injured player away on a stretcher .
they set fire to their neighbour's house in revenge .
they should have the right to decide for themselves .
this particular model has a really low battery life .
tom criticized mary for not doing the job correctly .
tom says he can't ignore mary's behavior any longer .
tom told me that he couldn't really trust microsoft .
we are busy preparing for our wedding and honeymoon .
we considered going , but finally decided against it .
we often come across japanese tourists in this area .
we should make every effort to maintain world peace .
we used to play musical chairs in elementary school .
what are some foods you usually eat with chopsticks ?
what're you going to do during your summer vacation ?
who knows what he'll accomplish if given the chance ?
you can't be forced to testify against your husband .
you must not think about your immediate profit only .
a good poker player can tell when someone's bluffing .
a lot of countries participated in the olympic games .
a number of countries have strict laws against drugs .
alcohol affects you more quickly on an empty stomach .
almost a third of the gunshot victims were teenagers .
are you seriously thinking about buying that old car ?
compare your sentence with the one on the blackboard .
cutting a cake into equal pieces is rather difficult .
did you get my email yesterday with the instructions ?
drivers must look out for children crossing the road .
education doesn't consist of learning a lot of facts .
eliminating the deficit will be a very difficult job .
english is spoken in many countries around the world .
everybody does stupid stuff like that in high school .
fresh fruits and vegetables are good for your health .
happiness in marriage is entirely a matter of chance .
have you ever walked through a graveyard at midnight ?
he completely failed to understand why she got angry .
he contends that primitive life once existed on mars .
he does nothing but complain from morning till night .
he fleeced three old ladies of their meager pensions .
he hid his emotions and pretended to be enthusiastic .
he warned the children against playing in the street .
his health has been getting worse since the accident .
his obscene remarks will be expunged from the record .
how did the railway accident at tokyo station happen ?
hundreds of unemployed men sleep there day and night .
i can't believe you actually did something like that .
i can't concentrate with all this commotion going on .
i don't understand why pepperoni pizza is so popular .
i have no interest whatsoever in eating english food .
i just had something incredibly strange happen to me .
i never realized you were interested in japanese art .
i think watching people playing chess isn't much fun .
i want this photograph developed as soon as possible .
i wonder if she'll accept a belated birthday present .
i'm not good at eating japanese food with chopsticks .
i've already sent an email to the support department .
i've been looking for someone to babysit my children .
it goes without saying that health is most important .
it was much more difficult than we initially thought .
it's about time you were independent of your parents .
japan has changed significantly in the past 50 years .
many peruvians have the habit of chewing coca leaves .
my father will often read the newspaper during meals .
my mother bought a refrigerator and had it delivered .
nobody noticed that the picture was hung upside down .
one person more or less doesn't make much difference .
parents can pass many diseases on to their offspring .
people in these areas are growing hungrier each year .
please don't nitpick just for the sake of nitpicking .
practice is the only way to master foreign languages .
rasputin had the whole russian court under his spell .
she couldn't convince him to accept a personal check .
she needed the entire afternoon to complete the work .
sixty - nine percent of adult americans are overweight .
spanish is spoken in most countries of south america .
talking to your plants doesn't help them grow faster .
the brazilian economy is growing by leaps and bounds .
the british forces were ordered to seize the weapons .
the president is to speak on television this evening .
the rhine is the boundary between france and germany .
the united states of america is a democratic country .
the experience gave him an advantage over the others .
the letters tom wrote to mary were returned unopened .
the magician asked for a volunteer from the audience .
the mother was reluctant to leave her children alone .
the politician tried to cover up the insider trading .
the population of this city is decreasing every year .
the prince fell in love with a woodcutter's daughter .
the principal shook hands with each of the graduates .
the thieves divvied up the proceeds from their heist .
these items must be returned to their rightful owner .
these new computers can crunch data faster than ever .
they were beginning to lose faith in their commander .
they were even more interested in his beautiful wife .
this place is arguably the best restaurant in london .
tom fell asleep while driving and caused an accident .
tom told everybody at school about what had happened .
tom wasn't ready to accept mary's love or friendship .
tom whispered something in mary's ear and she nodded .
tom's death has been officially ruled as an accident .
we communicate with one another by means of language .
we provided the flood victims with food and clothing .
women in that country are fighting for their freedom .
write down the facts needed to convince other people .
yesterday , mary cleaned the house and washed clothes .
you really should get this agreement down in writing .
a combination of several mistakes led to the accident .
a dictionary is an important aid in language learning .
an argument may be logically sound without being true .
an article about our school appeared in the newspaper .
apparently , there is nothing that cannot happen today .
are you seriously thinking about selling this on ebay ?
english is a very important language in today's world .
everywhere he stopped , the people welcomed him warmly .
everywhere you look you can see young couples kissing .
he did well in all subjects , particularly mathematics .
he implied that something was wrong with his marriage .
he never speaks english without making a few mistakes .
how is that question germane to what we're discussing ?
how many different pieces are there in japanese chess ?
i always stretch my leg muscles before playing tennis .
i can barely remember what my grandfather looked like .
i can't believe you didn't recognize your own brother .
i carefully took down everything that my teacher said .
i don't suppose there's much chance of that happening .
i found it rather difficult to make myself understood .
i grabbed my little sister's hand and started running .
i read the article about you in yesterday's newspaper .
i'll never tell anyone where i've hidden the treasure .
i'm afraid i cannot make myself understood in english .
i'm capable of dealing with problems like this myself .
in recent years , science has made remarkable progress .
no matter what happens , my determination won't change .
our club will hold its monthly meeting next wednesday .
perhaps you have misunderstood the aim of our project .
please come here between two and three this afternoon .
she is accustomed to doing her homework before dinner .
some companies guarantee their workers a job for life .
some students aren't going to come back next semester .
such a proposal would only be turned down immediately .
the geneva university library has a good reading room .
the president vetoed the law after congress passed it .
the catapult hurled the boulder over the castle walls .
the church's steeple is beginning to crumble with age .
the distance between stars is measured in light years .
the effect was quite different from what was intended .
the high - profile kidnapping has captivated the nation .
the parents will be invited to the school celebration .
the policeman blamed the taxi driver for the accident .
the prosperity of a country depends upon its citizens .
the section chief seems to like abusing his authority .
the wall was covered with pictures of gunshot victims .
there are some things that are difficult to translate .
there's a volcano emitting masses of smoke in iceland .
they are considered the greatest rock band in history .
they supplied the soldiers with enough food and water .
they survived , even though the building was destroyed .
thousands of people were milling around in the square .
tom continued to study french for another three years .
tom couldn't stand mary not knowing what had happened .
tom dreaded having to spend christmas in the hospital .
warm and humid weather increases the number of crimes .
we must cover the furniture before painting the walls .
without further ado , let me introduce tonight's guest .
you aren't permitted to bring dogs into this building .
you continue making the same mistakes time after time .
americans have to spend hours figuring out their taxes .
an important function of policemen is to catch thieves .
britain is separated from the continent by the channel .
cars parked illegally on this street will be impounded .
children depend on their parents for food and clothing .
don't be afraid to make mistakes when speaking english .
finishing the report by tomorrow is next to impossible .
fruits and vegetables are essential to a balanced diet .
have you ever eaten anything that made you hallucinate ?
he could not perceive any difference between the twins .
he doesn't know the difference between right and wrong .
he struck up friendships with the most unlikely people .
i can't survive without air conditioning in the summer .
i gave you explicit instructions not to touch anything .
i had difficulty in making myself understood in french .
i think she is withholding information from the police .
i thought you'd eventually realize tom didn't like you .
introverts often find it difficult to make new friends .
it's best to make international calls person to person .
it's possible that they'll go to the supermarket today .
many people are suffering from hunger around the world .
my english teacher recommended that i read these books .
my mother disliked caterpillars , not to mention snakes .
no practical joker should be without a whoopee cushion .
one hundred and fifty people entered the marathon race .
several cottages have been isolated by the flood water .
she flatters herself by thinking that she is beautiful .
she's so gullible she'll believe anything you tell her .
small businesses are often absorbed by a major company .
some parents don't punish their children when they lie .
spending time with your family should be your priority .
students are impatient for the summer holidays to come .
the japan sea separates japan from the asian continent .
the atomic bomb destroyed the entire city of hiroshima .
the company produces soy sauce and other food products .
the examples in this dictionary are easy to understand .
the government lowered taxes for lower - income families .
the ingredients for this recipe are a little expensive .
the natives have to defend their land against invaders .
the official could not deal with the complaint himself .
the prime minister appoints the members of his cabinet .
the psychologist asked me a whole battery of questions .
the samurai decapitated his opponent in one fell swoop .
the tornado touched down two kilometers from my school .
the withdrawal symptoms are more severe than i thought .
there are many jobs available in the computer industry .
there are many useful appliances in the hardware store .
there is an urgent need for improved living conditions .
there should be more national hospitals for old people .
there's nothing like close combat to test one's mettle .
this article is more interesting than the previous one .
tom asked mary many questions that she couldn't answer .
we depend on foreign nations for our natural resources .
what's wrong with parading around your own house naked ?
you can't say anything till you know the circumstances .
you have bought more postage stamps than are necessary .
you must realize that prosperity does not last forever .
you should not give your children everything they want .
you shouldn't let children play with the kitchen knife .
you've somehow managed to misconstrue what i have said .
a dangerous criminal has escaped from the insane asylum .
adopting a low calorie diet will increase your lifespan .
compare your translation with the one on the blackboard .
cosmetic surgery is not covered by most insurance plans .
don't hesitate to ask questions if you don't understand .
england and france are separated by the english channel .
he has just published an interesting series of articles .
i am looking forward to receiving your favorable answer .
i have something very special planned for your birthday .
i'd like to borrow about three hundred thousand dollars .
it's quite plain that you haven't been paying attention .
japanese industry has made great advances since the war .
my students have been eagerly awaiting the test results .
please fasten your seat belt during takeoff and landing .
teachers often buy school supplies with their own money .
that car dealership has a reputation for selling lemons .
that's a pretty strange - looking bracelet you're wearing .
the hurricane has already caused havoc in the caribbean .
the manufacturer guaranteed the new machine for 5 years .
the pain of the compound fracture was almost unbearable .
the teacher is busy looking over the examination papers .
the thieves divvied up the stolen loot among themselves .
the weather report says it will rain tomorrow afternoon .
the weather service has issued a severe weather warning .
there must have been a tacit understanding between them .
this is the best seafood restaurant in the neighborhood .
this ticket entitles the bearer to one chocolate sundae .
tom doesn't think that mary's performance was very good .
tom's not the slightest bit interested in my suggestion .
we played an entertaining game of charades after dinner .
we were disappointed with the results of the experiment .
you are under no obligation to divulge that information .
your father's supporters are not limited to his friends .
your ideas about the government are different from mine .
a passport is usually necessary when you travel overseas .
a solution acceptable to all parties was finally reached .
banks charge higher interest on loans to risky customers .
can you translate this manuscript from french to english ?
children often cry just because they want some attention .
even japanese can make mistakes when they speak japanese .
everyone who worked on that project became a millionaire .
half a million children still face malnutrition in niger .
he wouldn't let anyone interfere in his personal affairs .
human greed is threatening the existence of many species .
i canceled my hotel reservations and stayed with friends .
i haven't been back here since that unfortunate incident .
i'll never forget shaking the president's hand last year .
i'm looking forward to visiting your country this winter .
i've already written everything that needs to be written .
imagine if you started hiccoughing and you couldn't stop .
is there something in particular that you're looking for ?
never choose a vocation just because it looks profitable .
that doctrine will no doubt lead to serious consequences .
the japanese art of flower arrangement is called ikebana .
the following morning , the snowman was completely melted .
the noise outside his window prevented him from sleeping .
the previous tenant took excellent care of her apartment .
the students were all looking forward to summer vacation .
the temperature has been below freezing for several days .
there are lots of presents underneath the christmas tree .
there are many housewives who complain about high prices .
there are three hundred applicants for only one position .
they'll stop at nothing to achieve their political goals .
tsunamis swept through rice fields and flooded the towns .
we must stop using ozone - depleting chemicals immediately .
what changes the world is communication , not information .
all communication with that airplane was suddenly cut off .
american generals believed they could win an easy victory .
an arrest warrant was issued for the company's accountant .
compiling a dictionary demands an enormous amount of time .
ebola spreads from person to person through bodily fluids .
gulliver's travels was written by a famous english writer .
happiness isn't the destination , happiness is the journey .
his unique perspective helped shed light on the situation .
hundreds of people were waiting outside the ticket office .
i couldn't understand the announcement that was just made .
leatherback turtles can weigh more than a thousand pounds .
many improvements have been made since this century began .
please put out your cigarettes before entering the museum .
several students were absent from school because of colds .
six percent home loans represent the industry average now .
the chairman suggested that we should discuss the problem .
the company's insolvency forced it to file for bankruptcy .
the increase in juvenile delinquency is a serious problem .
the intersection where the accident happened is near here .
the police persuaded the criminal to surrender his weapon .
the school rules require students to wear school uniforms .
the traffic accident prevented me from catching the train .
they renewed their vows on their 25th wedding anniversary .
this new macintosh computer puts the competition to shame .
this vending machine was destroyed by hoodlums last night .
today's housewives do nothing but complain of high prices .
tom and mary realized that they weren't really compatible .
british english differs from american english in many ways .
children are often very good at learning foreign languages .
hundreds of soldiers ate in silence around their campfires .
i cannot see this picture without remembering my childhood .
i sincerely regret having caused you such an inconvenience .
my grandmother looks after the children during the daytime .
people have a tendency to underestimate their future needs .
plastic kills countless seabirds and sea turtles each year .
reporters do not hesitate to intrude into people's privacy .
she's not here to defend herself against these accusations .
some indigenous tribes in brazil are threatened by loggers .
studying how to communicate effectively is time well spent .
sweating allows the human body to regulate its temperature .
the apollo program greatly advanced our knowledge of space .
the ambulances carried the injured to the nearest hospital .
the teacher caught the student cheating on the examination .
with the approach of christmas , business improved somewhat .
you cannot take pictures in the theater without permission .
you should get yourself examined by the doctor immediately .
your shipment should be delivered within twenty four hours .
are you seriously thinking about starting your own business ?
he offered no specific explanation for his strange behavior .
history is replete with the stories of unappreciated genius .
it's better to be approximately right than completely wrong .
population growth has given rise to serious social problems .
strictly speaking , chinese consists of hundreds of dialects .
the expedition has postponed its departure to the antarctic .
the pain she suffered while being tortured was unimaginable .
they established a japanese language class for the refugees .
they sleep in separate bedrooms even though they're married .
your eccentricities can make you either charming or tedious .
he introduced the problem of education into the conversation .
he never opens his mouth without complaining about something .
it's about time the government did something about pollution .
many cancer patients lose their hair because of chemotherapy .
plastics have taken the place of many conventional materials .
the angry mob overturned cars and smashed storefront windows .
those who work hard find unexpected opportunities to succeed .
unusually warm weather caused problems for the apple harvest .
he entered the university after failing the examination twice .
moses came down from the mountain bearing divine commandments .
power tends to corrupt and absolute power corrupts absolutely .
scientists are slowly piecing together the mechanism of aging .
the people protested against the low altitude flight training .
the power plant supplies the remote district with electricity .
a successful business is built on careful financial management .
everybody expected that the experiment would result in failure .
hackers are adept at getting around computer security measures .
sometimes the first symptom of cardiovascular disease is death .
that doctor specializes in helping those with eating disorders .
the children were sleeping when their grandparents called them .
the government has taken measures to promote domestic industry .
the senator was censured by the congressional ethics committee .
there's something happening here that i don't quite understand .
we're interested in observing the customs of different regions .
british prime minister neville chamberlain was forced to resign .
his lackadaisical attitude to studying explains his poor grades .
the doctor monitored the patient's heartbeat and blood pressure .
the government explicitly declared its intention to lower taxes .
the short term contract employees were dismissed without notice .
there's something about this translation that isn't quite right .
you cannot achieve the impossible without attempting the absurd .
many mistakes could have been avoided through simple experiments .
students generally like a teacher who understands their problems .
the government appointed a committee to investigate the accident .
we shall continue our efforts to eradicate racial discrimination .
electronic components can be cleaned using pure isopropyl alcohol .
the argument is rigorous and coherent but ultimately unconvincing .
the investment firm tricked customers into buying worthless stock .
louis pasteur discovered that germs cause most infectious diseases .
hummer limousines are the ultimate symbol of conspicuous consumption .
tyrannical governments frequently put their political opponents in prison .
primitive calculating machines existed long before computers were developed .
i go to bed at 10 . 30 .
this is my i . d . card .
i hate my mother - in - law .
i have a meeting at 2 : 30 .
i usually get up at 6 : 00 .
i want a cup of iced - tea .
is it ok if i open a can ?
a is 5 times as long as b .
add 5 to 3 and you have 8 .
he , and he alone , must go .
hey , can we get a move on ?
i have a job i have to do .
i have a ten - year old son .
i want to catch the 11 : 45 .
i'll be there at five p . m .
on your mark , get set , go !
tom is not as fat as i am .
all at once , i heard a cry .
as it is , i can do nothing .
by the way , what do you do ?
he is not too old to do it .
he likes jazz , and so do i .
how do i get a hold of you ?
i am up to my neck in work .
i have a lot of work to do .
i have time , so i'll do it .
i thought i had until 2 : 30 .
i used to do that as a kid .
i want to talk to you , tom .
i was born on june 4 , 1974 .
i'm a good - for - nothing bum .
i've got a meeting at 2 : 30 .
if i were you , i'd ask him .
if i were you , i'd do that .
if you want to go , then go .
she is the editor - in - chief .
tom is hungry , and so am i .
tom said he'd call at 2 : 30 .
tom will go , too , won't he ?
you are tired , and so am i .
all of us , except him , went .
at last , we got to the lake .
by the way , how old are you ?
come on , tom . let's go home .
did he ask you to spy on me ?
do it the way i told you to .
get out of here ! all of you !
get out of here , all of you !
he did not say a word to us .
he was at a loss what to do .
hey , what are you two up to ?
how did you get to be a cop ?
how do you go there ? by car ?
i am going to buy a new car .
i am looking for a job , sir .
i do not know if it is love .
i don't know if i can do it .
i don't know , nor do i care .
i have 1 , 500 head of cattle .
i have no idea why it is so .
i knew you could do it , tom .
i need you to do me a favor .
i prefer to do it on my own .
i ran so i would be on time .
i want to be in a rock band .
i want to do this on my own .
i want to help , but i can't .
i want to make it up to you .
i want you to be by my side .
i want you to do it at once .
i want you to get me a soda .
i want you to give me a job .
i was born on april 3 , 1950 .
i will do all i can for you .
i'll cook it , if you eat it .
i'm not in a mood to go out .
in the end , he did not come .
is he just a one - trick pony ?
it is kind of you to say so .
it was easy for me to do so .
it was late , so i went home .
may i be of help in any way ?
she likes jazz , and so do i .
stop bugging me . i ’ m busy .
tom is not as young as i am .
we have a lot of work to do .
you are to do as i tell you .
you know it as well as i do .
a man with a big dog came in .
and what do i have to do now ?
as you sow , so will you reap .
can you give me a cup of tea ?
do i have to go to the party ?
do you mind if i try this on ?
do you want to go for a swim ?
have a cup of tea , won't you ?
he acts as if he were a king .
he did what i told him to do .
he earns 300 , 000 yen a month .
he has a car that i gave him .
he has a lot of things to do .
he is not what he used to be .
he is twice as old as she is .
he loves you as much as i do .
he was so kind as to help us .
hey , you ! what are you doing ?
i am a student , but he isn't .
i can do it in half the time .
i did it in a couple of days .
i did what tom told me to do .
i felt as if i had no choice .
i had to drag him out of bed .
i had to stay in bed all day .
i have a favor to ask of you .
i have a lot of love for you .
i have a lot of things to do .
i have to do a lot of things .
i held up my end of the deal .
i just have a lot on my mind .
i know i can make it on time .
i know i have a lot to learn .
i know i'll be able to do it .
i know now what i have to do .
i need to go out for a while .
i only told you , no one else .
i owe what i am to my father .
i owe what i am today to you .
i ran in order to be on time .
i said i was alone , didn't i ?
i told tom what he had to do .
i want to ask a favor of you .
i want to be there , you know .
i want to drink a cup of tea .
i want to know what i can do .
i was tired so i went to bed .
i went skiing a lot as a kid .
i wish to live in a big city .
i'll think of a way to do it .
if i knew that , i'd tell you .
if anyone can do it , you can .
if he has time , he will come .
if you need any help , ask me .
if you want to come , you can .
in case it rains , i won't go .
is it okay if i take a break ?
it is fun to swim in the sea .
it is kind of you to help me .
it may , indeed , be a mistake .
it wasn't me . it was the cat .
it's time for me to go , kids .
no more , thank you . i'm full .
she put on her hat to go out .
show me how to do it , please .
that's not a cat . it's a dog .
there is a lot of work to do .
this is all i can do for you .
tom asked me if i had a plan .
tom had no idea how to do it .
watch out , the man has a gun .
we go to see her twice a day .
we set a trap to catch a fox .
we were at a loss what to do .
what is it you want me to do ?
where do you want to go , sir ?
a dog was run over by a truck .
all we can do is wait for him .
all you have to do is to wait .
as far as i know , he's guilty .
as for me , i like this better .
by the way , where do you live ?
call me at six - thirty , please .
do i have to do it over again ?
do i have to do it right away ?
do it the way he tells you to .
do you eat at home or eat out ?
do you guys want to come , too ?
do you like it when i do this ?
do you want me to lose my job ?
do you want to come sit by me ?
do you want to do this or not ?
do you want to go get a drink ?
do you want us to go with you ?
first of all , i must say this .
for me , this is not a problem .
guys , it's my time to go away .
he asked me if i had found it .
he came to ask us to help him .
he did it not once , but twice .
he felt it was his duty to go .
he felt the same way as i did .
he is a hard man to deal with .
he is a man you can rely upon .
he is over the hill , you know .
he is the man you can rely on .
he lay on his back on the bed .
he will be back in a few days .
how do i get out of this mess ?
how do you want me to do that ?
hurry up , or you will be late .
i asked tom to stay out of it .
i asked him to be here by six .
i can't run as fast as he can .
i come here as often as i can .
i don't know how to use a vcr .
i don't know if i can do this .
i don't want to go to bed yet .
i don't want you to lie to me .
i feel the same way as you do .
i guess i could give it a try .
i had to get out of the house .
i had to run to catch the bus .
i hate to see a grown man cry .
i have a bit of time to relax .
i have an appointment at 2 : 30 .
i have no idea how i got here .
i have no idea how to do that .
i have no one else to turn to .
i have seen " star wars " twice .
i have to go back to work now .
i have to go even if it rains .
i have to put the kids to bed .
i have to stay in bed all day .
i just want to go back to bed .
i just want to say i love you .
i know now what we have to do .
i made up my mind to go there .
i met tom on my way to school .
i met him on my way to school .
i need all the luck i can get .
i need to find out who he was .
i sat in the front of the bus .
i saw a house with a red roof .
i sent it to you two days ago .
i think tom is going to be ok .
i told tom to wait in the car .
i want to ask you a big favor .
i want to be doing a good job .
i want to find a box for this .
i want to get on with my life .
i want to prove i can do this .
i want to sleep in my own bed .
i want to talk to all of them .
i want you and me to be happy .
i want you to come and get me .
i want you to get in your car .
i want you to get off my back .
i want you to get out of town .
i was just about to go to bed .
i was so hungry that i ate it .
i wasn't fat when i was a kid .
i went for a walk in the park .
i went for a walk with my son .
i wish i were as young as you .
i would ask him if i were you .
i would like to go for a swim .
i would like to go to the usa .
i'd like a cup of tea , please .
i'll be back in an hour or so .
i'll do this as long as i can .
i'll have it done before 2 : 30 .
if you could do it , would you ?
if you hurry , you can make it .
if you want to know , just ask .
if you want , you can phone me .
it is not as good as it looks .
it is time for her to go home .
it is too dark for me to read .
it was kind of you to help me .
it was nice of you to show up .
it's a matter of when , not if .
it's late , so turn off the tv .
let's go for a ride in my car .
look at me when i talk to you !
many men want to be thin , too .
mary is tom's daughter - in - law .
may i take a rest for a while ?
my dad taught me how to do it .
my mom taught me how to do it .
my mom told me that i was fat .
she has a new man in her life .
she is poor , but she is happy .
she is , indeed , a lovely girl .
she was in a hurry to go home .
since it rained , i did not go .
that job took a lot out of me .
the kid is a pain in the neck .
the road is icy , so take care .
there were few , if any , trees .
they do not know how to do it .
this is a very low - stress job .
this is what i can do for you .
tom and i used to fight a lot .
tom called mary at about 2 : 30 .
tom is a lot busier than i am .
tom is the one who woke me up .
tom loves you . i know he does .
tom used to eat a lot of meat .
we have a lot of rain in june .
we have to be at work by nine .
we sat on a bench in the park .
why do i have to go to school ?
why do you want to be a nurse ?
will you go on foot or by bus ?
winter is cold , but i like it .
you guys can do it if you try .
you just don't get it , do you ?
you think i did it , don't you ?
you're not one of us , are you ?
at last , my wish has come true .
at last , they met face to face .
by the way , where are you from ?
by the way , where does he live ?
can i be of any service to you ?
can i give you a bit of advice ?
can i have the key now , please ?
can i talk to you for a second ?
can you buy one for me as well ?
can you gift - wrap this , please ?
can you show me how to do this ?
can you show us how to do that ?
can you swim as fast as he can ?
come on ! i can't wait any more .
do you have a room of your own ?
do you know him , by any chance ?
do you know how to drive a car ?
do you mind if i don't do this ?
do you mind if i open the door ?
do you offer any all - day tours ?
do you want to do it right now ?
do you want to get out of here ?
he and i are in the same class .
he asked me to wake him at six .
he came to ask us for our help .
he got into his car in a hurry .
he got out of the cab in haste .
he had a copy made of this key .
he has a new woman in his life .
he has made me what i am today .
he is able to swim like a fish .
he is at the head of the class .
he is the very man for the job .
he is too honest to tell a lie .
he is too shy to talk to girls .
he is too smart not to know it .
he left in the blink of an eye .
he likes me and i like him too .
he looks as if he had been ill .
he tried it again , but in vain .
he tried to get me to help him .
he was born on july 28th , 1888 .
he was shot 3 times in the arm .
he was tired so he went to bed .
he went to a single - sex school .
her doll was run over by a car .
how did you come by such a job ?
how did you come to hear of it ?
how do i get in touch with you ?
how do i know you didn't do it ?
how do you know i didn't do it ?
hurry up ! i don't have all day .
i am at the end of my patience .
i asked him if he knew my name .
i can afford one , but not both .
i can lend you one if you want .
i can teach you how to do this .
i can't get her out of my mind .
i can't get you out of my head .
i can't keep my eyes off of it .
i cannot do the work on my own .
i didn't know what to do , then .
i do not agree with you at all .
i do not doubt it in the least .
i do not like the way he talks .
i don't care who we give it to .
i don't know if he is a doctor .
i don't need you to pick me up .
i don't see how i can help you .
i don't think we need to do it .
i don't want a gun in my house .
i earn my living as best i can .
i feel like i'm going to be ok .
i gave her all the money i had .
i gave my seat to the old lady .
i get up at six in the morning .
i got an ink blot on this form .
i guess i could give it a shot .
i had a good laugh at her joke .
i had a good reason to do that .
i had a good time at the party .
i had no idea what i was doing .
i had to take care of her baby .
i have a bone to pick with you .
i have a few tickets in row 15 .
i have a friend who is a pilot .
i have a lot of homework to do .
i have a lot of learning to do .
i have no idea what to do next .
i have no reason to lie to you .
i just don't know how to do it .
i just don't think i can do it .
i just have so much on my mind .
i just want my past to go away .
i just want to stay in the car .
i just want to win , that's all .
i knew i had a tough job ahead .
i know a better way to do that .
i know he's the one who did it .
i know that i can count on you .
i know what they want me to do .
i know you want to talk to tom .
i let the cat out of the house .
i love her so much i could die .
i met her by chance on a train .
i met her on the way to school .
i need to be alone for a while .
i need to have a talk with you .
i need to take care of my kids .
i often talk to him on the bus .
i only hope it is not too late .
i ran into a friend on the bus .
i should like to go for a swim .
i spent most of the day in bed .
i think i should do it for you .
i think tom is in love with me .
i think it's time for me to go .
i think that we have to go now .
i think they want you to do it .
i think we can do a lot better .
i think we can make it on time .
i think we did a very good job .
i tried to make the best of it .
i tried , but i did not succeed .
i used to play here as a child .
i want to be alone for a while .
i want to be on the other team .
i want to climb mt . fuji again .
i want to get my mind off work .
i want to have a cup of coffee .
i want to have a word with tom .
i want to have a word with you .
i want to see him at all costs .
i want to see you in my office .
i want to talk to him about it .
i want you to come work for me .
i want you to go see the nurse .
i was a little put out by this .
i was born on october 10 , 1972 .
i was one of the last to leave .
i was saved as if by a miracle .
i was told to wait for a while .
i wasn't the only one to do so .
i went by bus as far as london .
i wish i could be in paris now .
i wish i could go back in time .
i wish i had a friend like you .
i wish i had had a camera then .
i wish to climb mt . fuji again .
i wouldn't do it if i were you .
i'd be happy to show it to you .
i'd like to ask a favor of you .
i'd like to ask you to help me .
i'll do my best , i promise you .
i'll help you as much as i can .
i'm glad i was able to do this .
i'm going to put it in my room .
i'm not sure i want to do this .
i'm not sure what i want to do .
i'm saving up to buy a new car .
i'm sorry , i don't mean to pry .
i've got a bad case of jet lag .
if i were rich , i would travel .
if you bite me , i'll bite back .
if you hurt her , i'll kill you .
if you invite him , he may come .
if you'd kiss me , i'd be happy .
is it true that tom has a twin ?
it is about the size of an egg .
it is high time we went to bed .
it is kind of pretty , isn't it ?
it is our duty to obey the law .
it is really time for us to go .
it was a one - sided love affair .
it was her wish to go to paris .
it was his wish to go to paris .
it was just a joke . lighten up !
let me show you how to do that .
let's go do what we have to do .
man to man , what are the facts ?
no , thank you . i've had enough .
riding a horse is a lot of fun .
she brought a cup of tea to me .
she is not home , but at school .
she sat next to him on the bus .
she used to be a very shy girl .
she was in the mood for a walk .
should we go by car or by taxi ?
tell me about it . i'm all ears .
tell me what you want me to do .
the boss gave us all a day off .
they told me i had to help you .
this can't be the way to do it .
this car is as big as that car .
this is the book i want to buy .
this is what i do for a living .
tom has done what he had to do .
tom has to go even if it rains .
tom is a bit short for his age .
tom is a bit small for his age .
tom is a lot shorter than i am .
tom is a very good - looking guy .
tom is angry a lot of the time .
tom is dumb , but not that dumb .
tom is not able to drive a car .
tom is on the go day and night .
tom is too far away to hear us .
tom said he had a lot of money .
tom seems to have it in for me .
tom should be back before 2 : 30 .
tom told me he used to be rich .
we had a lot of rain last year .
we had a lot of snow last year .
we had a lunch date , didn't we ?
we have no choice but to do so .
we need a tool to open it with .
we still have a long way to go .
what do i have to be afraid of ?
what is it you do for a living ?
what is it you want to tell us ?
when i heard the news , i cried .
when i woke up , it was snowing .
when tom died , i wanted to die .
when in rome , do as the romans .
why do i have to do this alone ?
why do we have to take it away ?
why do you want to be a doctor ?
why is my sister so mean to me ?
will that be for here or to go ?
you can drive a car , can't you ?
you can get a loan from a bank .
you can swim , but i can't swim .
you may as well get used to it .
you may use my pen at any time .
you need a key to open the box .
you want to go out for a drink ?
a lot of my hair has fallen out .
a rat chewed a hole in the wall .
above all , i want to be healthy .
all i can do is work in silence .
all of us live in the same dorm .
all you have to do is follow me .
are you going on foot or by bus ?
are you going to help us or not ?
are you in favor of the new law ?
at that time , i was still awake .
at that time , tom was in boston .
by chance , i found a hot spring .
can i get either of you a drink ?
can i try on this pair of shoes ?
can you get tom to a safe place ?
come and see me once in a while .
come on ! we're going to be late .
cookie is a good name for a dog .
could you give me a leg up here ?
do you know how to ride a horse ?
do you think you could be a cop ?
do you want me to walk you home ?
dr . smith has a lot of patients .
either you or i will have to go .
everything i did , i did for tom .
excuse me , do you have the time ?
get up early , or you'll be late .
have i caught you at a bad time ?
he can cook as well as his wife .
he did it in front of the staff .
he gave her a peck on the cheek .
he gave his seat to the old man .
he has been like a father to me .
he is going to explain it to me .
he is my brother , not my father .
he is not as tall as his father .
he is old enough to drive a car .
he left for new york a week ago .
he lives at the top of the hill .
he made up his mind to go there .
he showed me how to make a cake .
he stood at the end of the line .
he threw a stone at the big dog .
he took the eggs out one by one .
he tried to get rid of the ants .
he tried to put the blame on me .
he wants to get rid of the ants .
he was in time for the last bus .
he will be here in half an hour .
he will come back in a few days .
he writes to me once in a while .
he's my friend . do you know him ?
his debts amount to 100 , 000 yen .
his old car is on its last legs .
how can i get in touch with you ?
how do i get to the bus station ?
how do you know i don't have it ?
how do you know how heavy it is ?
how do you know how thick it is ?
how long do i have to stay here ?
i am afraid i must be going now .
i am badly in need of your help .
i am too tired to walk any more .
i am very sorry for what i said .
i asked him if he would help me .
i asked my boss for a pay raise .
i asked what he was going to do .
i blew on my hands to warm them .
i came here of my own free will .
i came to talk to you about tom .
i can only tell you what i know .
i can see a ship on the horizon .
i can't afford to buy a new car .
i can't feel at home in a hotel .
i can't stay long . i have plans .
i can't tell you how to do that .
i could get you fired , you know .
i didn't want to get out of bed .
i do not like any of these hats .
i don't care if it's a bit cold .
i don't know how else to put it .
i don't know how else to say it .
i don't know if i can trust you .
i don't know if i still have it .
i don't know what to do with it .
i don't know what to say to tom .
i don't know who any of you are .
i don't mean half of what i say .
i don't need you to wait for me .
i don't see how it can end well .
i don't see what else we can do .
i don't want to force you to go .
i don't want to get my feet wet .
i don't want to run such a risk .
i don't want to take a walk now .
i doubt if he will come on time .
i explained why we had to do it .
i feel like i let the team down .
i feel there is just no way out .
i felt a sudden pain in my side .
i found the man i want to marry .
i gave her a comic book to read .
i go for a walk every other day .
i go to the barber once a month .
i go to the movies once a month .
i go to work every day by train .
i got a nasty sting from a wasp .
i got my son to repair the door .
i got up to go and look outside .
i had a hunch you would do that .
i had a lot of fun last weekend .
i had a problem to take care of .
i had issues i had to deal with .
i had no idea tom would do that .
i had no idea you felt that way .
i had no idea you were so young .
i had things i had to deal with .
i had to beg my friends to come .
i had to wait for tom to finish .
i hate that you have to be here .
i have a great deal to do today .
i have a lot in common with him .
i have a rough idea where it is .
i have a sharp pain in my chest .
i have a twitch in my right eye .
i have a week to do my homework .
i have as many books as he does .
i have no one to say goodbye to .
i have some stuff to do at home .
i have to be back home by seven .
i have to go back to the office .
i haven't got all day , you know .
i heard you paid a visit to tom .
i just can't wait to go to work .
i just figured out how to do it .
i just got here a few hours ago .
i just want to be a good person .
i just want to get it over with .
i just want to get my work done .
i just want to go back to class .
i just want to have a good time .
i just want you out of my house .
i just want you to listen to me .
i knew this was a waste of time .
i know i got it right this time .
i know how we can have some fun .
i know they're as happy as i am .
i learned that when i was a kid .
i look on you as my best friend .
i love you just the way you are .
i met him on my way from school .
i met him while he was in japan .
i need to talk to you in person .
i only did it for your own good .
i only feed my dog dry dog food .
i only wish i were able to help .
i paid a lot of money for these .
i saw his car make a right turn .
i suggest we go out for a drink .
i think tom is in love with you .
i think this is a waste of time .
i think we have a lot in common .
i think you have a problem , tom .
i think you'll be able to do it .
i thought tom said it was a dog .
i told you to stay away from me .
i told you to stay in the house .
i took the cake out of the oven .
i want to be in your life again .
i want to do this the right way .
i want to go back to my cubicle .
i want to know how they do that .
i want to know why you did that .
i want to marry a girl like her .
i want to sit down for a change .
i want you to tell me the truth .
i wanted to sell tom my old car .
i was home for a couple of days .
i was quite at a loss for words .
i was very rich until i met her .
i went out in spite of the rain .
i will be able to pass the test .
i will buy a watch at the store .
i will give you what help i can .
i will go to new york next week .
i will see him after i get back .
i will show you how to solve it .
i wish i had been with her then .
i wish i had more money with me .
i wish i knew what i should say .
i would like you to sing a song .
i'd like to breast - feed my baby .
i'd lock my doors if i were you .
i'll call back as soon as i can .
i'll call you as soon as i know .
i'll get fired if i don't do it .
i'll take my dog out for a walk .
i'm glad i got to see you again .
i'm going to ask for a new desk .
i'm going to put a curse on you .
i'm kind of busy right now , tom .
i'm looking for a part - time job .
i'm not a doctor , but a teacher .
i'm not in favor of such a plan .
i'm not in that much of a hurry .
i'm not sure , but he might come .
i'm sleepy , so i am leaving now .
i'm so sorry that i lied to you .
i'm sorry , but i can't help you .
i'm too busy to talk to you now .
if i could stay longer , i would .
if i were you , i'd study harder .
if it ain't broke , don't fix it .
if it gets boring , i'll go home .
if you can't lick 'em , join 'em .
if you want quality , pay for it .
if you want to talk , let's talk .
in england , labor day is in may .
in june , it rains day after day .
is that what you want me to say ?
is that why you want to hurt me ?
is that why you want to kill me ?
it is a pity that he can't come .
it is high time you went to bed .
it is high time you were in bed .
it is rare for him to get angry .
it is very cold today , isn't it ?
it looks a lot worse than it is .
it may be that he likes his job .
it rains a lot in june in japan .
it was impolite of him to do so .
it was in 1950 that he was born .
it was kind of you to invite us .
it's a fun way to pass the time .
it's hard for me to talk to tom .
it's heavy , but i can manage it .
it's not about the money , is it ?
it's very kind of you to say so .
let me give you a bit of advice .
let me know as soon as he comes .
let me know as soon as you know .
let me know what you want to do .
mary works part - time as a nurse .
my advice is for you to go home .
my house is close to a bus stop .
my mother died when i was a kid .
my work is not as easy as yours .
no , thank you . i'm just looking .
please bring a cup of tea to me .
she and i are in the same class .
she has the air of being a lady .
she is as thin as a broom stick .
she is on a diet to lose weight .
she told us not to make a noise .
she wrote to me to come at once .
show me the way to the bus stop .
since i'm here , let me help you .
that is not what i meant to say .
that is the book i want to read .
that's all i have to say to you .
the eagle had to be fed by hand .
the girl had a large red hat on .
the ice is too thin to skate on .
the news is too good to be true .
the one who said that is a liar .
the two of them are in the room .
the wound left a scar on my arm .
there is a red rose in the vase .
they sat on a bench in the park .
they told me to stay in the car .
this bed is way too soft for me .
this is mine , and this is yours .
this is the book i want to read .
this one is as good as that one .
tom and i are in the same class .
tom did all he could do to help .
tom has done the best he can do .
tom has put his car up for sale .
tom has told me a lot about you .
tom is afraid of mary , isn't he ?
tom is going to make it on time .
tom is the best man for the job .
tom told me not to talk to mary .
tom wants you to do him a favor .
tom , someone is here to see you .
try to see how far you can jump .
wait , why am i telling you this ?
we can depend on her to help us .
we can't see mt . fuji from here .
we had a lot of rain last month .
we have to learn how to do that .
we have to make sure we do that .
we hit it off right off the bat .
we just have to get out of here .
we look up to tom as our leader .
we look up to him as our leader .
we may as well keep it a secret .
we saw the child get on the bus .
we use a lot of water every day .
we want new ideas , not old ones .
we went for a walk on the beach .
well , aren't you glad to see me ?
what do you do to stay in shape ?
what do you think is in the box ?
what do you want me to tell tom ?
what do you want to do about it ?
what time do you start check - in ?
why do you always do that to me ?
why do you have to be like that ?
why do you want such an old car ?
why don't we drop by to see her ?
why don't we go and see a movie ?
why is it that she looks so sad ?
would you like to give it a try ?
would you like to go for a walk ?
would you mind if i have a look ?
you are a good cook , aren't you ?
you are always as busy as a bee .
you are twice as strong as i am .
you can eat as much as you want .
you can rent a boat by the hour .
you can run , but you can't hide .
you do your thing , i'll do mine .
you have to be over 18 to drive .
you really don't get it , do you ?
you're not a city girl , are you ?
you're not one of them , are you ?
a chain is made up of many links .
a dog has a sharp sense of smell .
a man's worth lies in what he is .
after he said it , he was ashamed .
are you sure this is a good idea ?
at last , they came to a decision .
be quiet and get back in the car .
both of us want to see the movie .
by the way , are you free tonight ?
by the way , what is your address ?
call me when you are ready to go .
can i have a few minutes , please ?
can i have a word with you alone ?
can i talk to you about your son ?
can we roller - skate in this park ?
can you at least be happy for me ?
can you give me a slice of bread ?
can you pass me the salt , please ?
can you ship it to new york city ?
can you tell me the time , please ?
can you tell me why you like him ?
can't you tell me how to do this ?
change your mind , if you want to .
could you show me how to do that ?
do i need to go to the dentist's ?
do you have a table on the patio ?
do you know how to open this box ?
do you know what day it is today ?
do you mind if i open the window ?
do you see that house ? it's mine .
do you think i can pull this off ?
do you think he is a good driver ?
do you want him to know about it ?
do you want me to comb your hair ?
do you want to ask me a question ?
do you want to come out and play ?
do you want to join me for lunch ?
do you want to know why tom left ?
do you want to see her very much ?
does it snow a lot in the winter ?
don't do that . it's not your job .
don't let the cat out of the bag .
don't worry . you can count on me .
either you or i have to go there .
for my part , i have no objection .
for that reason , he lost his job .
from now on , let's keep in touch .
give me a glass of water , please .
he asked me if i knew his father .
he asked me to pass him the salt .
he can't afford to buy a new car .
he did exactly as i had told him .
he died of old age two years ago .
he gave body and soul to his job .
he goes to a school for the deaf .
he had a good look at the papers .
he had never seen such a bad boy .
he has a lot of books on history .
he has a very dry sense of humor .
he has been sick for a long time .
he has been sick in bed all week .
he has his hair cut once a month .
he has no house in which to live .
he has the ability to do the job .
he has the least money of us all .
he has the same camera as i have .
he is a student at a high school .
he is always making a fool of me .
he is fond of this kind of music .
he is not as tall as his brother .
he is twice as heavy as his wife .
he let the dog loose in the yard .
he made up a story about the dog .
he made up his mind to marry her .
he raised his hat when he saw me .
he robbed me of every cent i had .
he sat at the edge of the stream .
he talks as if he were a teacher .
he taught me how to write a poem .
he told me he would go to venice .
he told me not to drive too fast .
he told me the story of his life .
he took a coin out of his pocket .
he wants to get rid of his books .
he was busy when i called him up .
he was holding a pen in his hand .
he was worn out when he got home .
he went out in spite of the rain .
he went to see her the other day .
he will be in time for the train .
he wrote to me from time to time .
hey , where did you two come from ?
how about making me a cup of tea ?
how did you get out of your room ?
how do we know this isn't a trap ?
how do you know so much about it ?
how do you know what color it is ?
how do you think it made me feel ?
how does it feel to be back home ?
how soon can you get to my house ?
hurry up , or you'll miss the bus .
i agreed to help him in his work .
i allowed her to go to the party .
i am leaving town for a few days .
i am married and i have two sons .
i am taking a couple of days off .
i am thankful for the food i eat .
i am very glad to meet you today .
i asked tom to keep an open mind .
i asked him not to drive so fast .
i can hear the wind in the trees .
i can't come up with a good idea .
i can't sing as well as mary did .
i can't wait to go on a vacation .
i didn't ask you to come with us .
i didn't ask you to stay with me .
i didn't have the sense to do so .
i didn't know what to say to her .
i didn't know what to say to him .
i didn't say it wasn't ok to eat .
i didn't want you to make a fuss .
i do not have anything in my bag .
i do not think that he will come .
i don't care how long ago it was .
i don't care if tom comes or not .
i don't care what you do with it .
i don't ever want us to be apart .
i don't have to put up with this .
i don't know how long i can stay .
i don't know how to buy a ticket .
i don't know how to talk to kids .
i don't know what else i can say .
i don't know what else we can do .
i don't know what more i can say .
i don't know what to do about it .
i don't know what to feed my dog .
i don't know when i can get away .
i don't know why i just did that .
i don't know why we have to stop .
i don't like it when you do that .
i don't like to be away too long .
i don't like to swim in the pool .
i don't like what you did to tom .
i don't need to go to the doctor .
i don't see what the big deal is .
i don't want to be late for work .
i don't want you to see me naked .
i expect you all to do your best .
i feel dizzy every time i get up .
i felt like going out for a walk .
i figured it would be easy to do .
i forgot what i was going to say .
i found her cat in an empty room .
i get up at six almost every day .
i got a lot of mail this morning .
i got up while it was still dark .
i had no idea things were so bad .
i had no idea you were so stupid .
i had to do everything on my own .
i have a brand new pair of socks .
i have a desire to go to england .
i have a hunch that it will rain .
i have enough money to buy a car .
i have left my umbrella in a bus .
i have looked for it up and down .
i have never fed my dog a banana .
i have no idea of what to expect .
i have no time to do my homework .
i have plenty of time to do that .
i have to be there for my family .
i have to go and buy a newspaper .
i haven't seen him in a few days .
i just don't want to do it again .
i just don't want to go with you .
i just don't want to talk to you .
i just don't want you to have it .
i just got a call from my office .
i just want to go home and sleep .
i just want to hang out with you .
i just want to have a little fun .
i just want to take a quick look .
i just wanted to see if you knew .
i know this must come as a shock .
i know what it's like to be poor .
i know you want to make me happy .
i left one of my books at school .
i like to cook all kinds of food .
i lived in this house as a child .
i lost sight of her in the crowd .
i love you more than you love me .
i made the best of my small room .
i meant to have that done by now .
i might as well get a head start .
i need pens , notebooks and so on .
i need some sugar to make a cake .
i need someone who i can talk to .
i never want to see you get sick .
i plan to go to france next year .
i promise i'll make it up to you .
i ran all the way to the station .
i read the whole book in one day .
i saw a bum at the train station .
i saw a koala for the first time .
i seem to have caught a bad cold .
i talked to my friend in the fbi .
i think i could get used to this .
i think i'd like to be a teacher .
i think tom had a real good year .
i think tom is a really nice kid .
i think tom is going to call you .
i think tom is in the front yard .
i think tom's idea is a good one .
i think life is what you make it .
i think we should go take a look .
i thought i might be of some use .
i thought it would be easy to do .
i told tom to take off his shoes .
i used to go to church on sunday .
i walked three - fourths of a mile .
i want to ask you one last favor .
i want to go back to my quarters .
i want to go somewhere on a trip .
i want to go to america some day .
i want to know how you know that .
i want to know what time to come .
i want to know who paid for this .
i want to know who told you that .
i want to know who was in charge .
i want to learn to sing like you .
i want to punch you in your face .
i want to see him no matter what .
i want to speak to my lawyer now .
i want to spend my life with you .
i want to write all of this down .
i want you out of here right now .
i want you to be my friend again .
i want you to call off the fight .
i want you to come to my wedding .
i want you to get your own place .
i want you to lay back and relax .
i want you to stay here with her .
i want you to stay where you are .
i want you to take this with you .
i wanted to get my mind off work .
i wanted to have a beer with you .
i was allowed to take a week off .
i was in the hospital for a week .
i was just thinking of a new job .
i was too tired to walk any more .
i was very glad to hear the news .
i went to tokyo to buy this book .
i went to the scene of the crime .
i will go there even if it rains .
i wish i could go to the concert .
i wish i could go with you today .
i wish i had been there with you .
i wish you had told me the truth .
i wish you were here with me now .
i wonder if you ever think of me .
i would do anything to get a job .
i would lay down my life for you .
i would like to come and see you .
i would like you to come with me .
i would like you to stay with me .
i wouldn't do that if i were you .
i'd like a cup of coffee , please .
i'd like a room with a good view .
i'd like to have a glass of wine .
i'd like to have a word with you .
i'd like to have you on our team .
i'd like to run a big stock farm .
i'd like to run a few more tests .
i'd like to sit here for a while .
i'd like you to come work for me .
i'd rather be a bird than a fish .
i'll ask him if he's busy or not .
i'm cold . may i close the window ?
i'm glad to see you in one piece .
i'm going to be away a long time .
i'm going to get on the next bus .
i'm going to have to dye my hair .
i'm sorry , i just wanted to help .
i'm sorry , but you need to leave .
i'm still not sure i can do that .
i'm sure i'll be able to find it .
i'm the only one who can do that .
i've got as much money as he has .
i've got to get away for a while .
i've got to go to the men's room .
i've had a lot on my mind lately .
i've told you not to call me tom .
if he comes , give him my regards .
if he comes , give him this paper .
if it rains tomorrow , i won't go .
if possible , i'd like to see him .
if you came , that would be great .
in case of fire , push the button .
is it safe to skate on this lake ?
is it safe to swim in this river ?
is that the train i have to take ?
is there room in your car for me ?
is this your idea of a good time ?
it is 5 miles from here to tokyo .
it is paris that i want to visit .
it is cold there , even in summer .
it is impossible for me to do so .
it is no use asking me for money .
it is obvious that that is a lie .
it is safe to skate on this lake .
it is said that he was very rich .
it seems to me that he is honest .
it seems we are in the same boat .
it was that dog that bit my hand .
it was the best night of my life .
it would be nice to have a party .
it would only be a waste of time .
it's as much an art as a science .
it's very kind of you to help me .
let me help you put on your coat .
let me treat you next time , then .
mary is the kind of woman i like .
may i have a look at your ticket ?
may i move to the other side now ?
my dad is not home at the moment .
my father is a bit old - fashioned .
my house is a long way from here .
my uncle gave me a pair of shoes .
next time , you won't be so lucky .
no doubt she will win in the end .
no one listens to me when i talk .
now tell us what we want to know .
open the door and let in the dog .
our debt is more than we can pay .
she came to see me the other day .
she gave me a nice pair of shoes .
she got married at the age of 17 .
she got married at the age of 25 .
she has had quite a lot to drink .
she has the same bag as you have .
she is not a poet but a novelist .
she is poor , but she looks happy .
she is the one who feeds our dog .
she likes to dress up as a nurse .
she married him at the age of 20 .
she was advised by him not to go .
she was poor , but she was honest .
she's about the same age as i am .
taking a taxi is a luxury for me .
tell me why you want to go there .
ten years is a long time to wait .
thanks to you , i arrived on time .
that was what i was going to say .
that ’ s the man whose wife died .
the fuel tank in the car is full .
the lake is a long way from here .
the man took the boy by the hand .
the moment he saw me he ran away .
the old castle is in a sad state .
the road turns a bit to the west .
the truck cut in front of my car .
the two of us split up last year .
the wound left a scar on her arm .
there is no need for him to work .
there is no need for us to hurry .
they are the ones who want to go .
they stayed at a five - star hotel .
they were in a hurry to get home .
this bed is too hard to sleep on .
this book is easy for me to read .
this book is hard for me to read .
this can't be what i think it is .
this desk is a little low for me .
this doll is a gift from my aunt .
this is a real diamond , isn't it ?
this is all that is known so far .
this is kind of sudden , isn't it ?
this is the house he was born in .
this is the reason why he did it .
this is what i found in the cave .
to tell the truth , i felt lonely .
tom can play the guitar , i think .
tom can ski just as well as mary .
tom had to spend a night in jail .
tom has a tattoo on his left arm .
tom is a member of the swat team .
tom is never at a loss for words .
tom is on his way back to boston .
tom is the right man for the job .
tom is too young to go to school .
tom looks just like a guy i know .
tom needs us to show him the way .
tom poured a cup of tea for mary .
tom put a flea collar on his dog .
tom said he wants to talk to you .
tom sat on a stool in the corner .
tom says he can wait a long time .
tom should ask mary how to do it .
tom told me not to lock the door .
tom will be in boston for a week .
tom woke up at the crack of dawn .
tom , i've got a surprise for you .
trust me , you don't want to know .
we had lots of fun at the picnic .
we have to do this the right way .
we have to find out who did this .
we left boston at 2 : 30 yesterday .
we look up to him as our teacher .
we need to get you to a hospital .
we need to make up for lost time .
we protested , but it was in vain .
we spent the day in the open air .
we stayed at a hotel by the lake .
we still have a lot of food left .
we stood on the brink of a cliff .
we want to buy a house in boston .
we went for a walk in the forest .
we've still got a long way to go .
what are you going to do with it ?
what did tom tell mary not to do ?
what do you do in your free time ?
what do you say to taking a rest ?
what he needs most is a good job .
what is your idea of a good time ?
what kind of a sick joke is this ?
when it rains , she takes the bus .
when you come back , i'll be gone .
who are you and what do you want ?
who are you and why are you here ?
why did tom want to talk to mary ?
why did she need to send for him ?
why did you let me sleep so late ?
why did you use up all the money ?
why do you want to join the navy ?
why don't you just buy a new one ?
why don't you let me take a look ?
why don't you let us go with you ?
why don't you tell me what to do ?
will you go to the dance with me ?
will you please wait on me , miss ?
would you like to see my new car ?
would you mind if i took a break ?
yesterday , i put honey in my tea .
you all know what you have to do .
you can go to the station by bus .
you can stay as long as you like .
you did it in front of the staff .
you get out only what you put in .
you have only to watch what i do .
you have to see it to believe it .
you look familiar . do i know you ?
you may stay here if you want to .
you may talk as much as you like .
you ought not to stay up so late .
you talk as if you were the boss .
1980 was the year that i was born .
a bear will not touch a dead body .
a few days' rest will do you good .
a few were drunk most of the time .
a rack of lamb makes a great meal .
a stranger spoke to me in the bus .
a stranger spoke to me on the bus .
a war may break out at any moment .
after dinner , i walk on the beach .
after the storm , the sea was calm .
all i found is a pair of scissors .
all of a sudden , it became cloudy .
all of a sudden , it began raining .
anyone else want to give it a try ?
as long as you're here , i'll stay .
as was expected , he won the prize .
at this point , i don't need money .
bring me a glass of water , please .
bring me a sheet of paper , please .
but i don't think it's at all odd .
can i be of any assistance to you ?
can i get an advance on my salary ?
can i ride this horse for a while ?
can you go to the office by train ?
can you guys tell us where we are ?
can you pick me up at the station ?
can you supply me with all i need ?
can you take the lid off this box ?
choose either of the two t - shirts .
close your eyes , and count to ten .
come and see me any time you like .
could i get one more beer , please ?
do i have to stay in the hospital ?
do i look like a policeman to you ?
do you have a crush on my brother ?
do you have a non - smoking section ?
do you have any idea who did this ?
do you have to do this very often ?
do you have to go there every day ?
do you know how to cook rice well ?
do you know how to tie your shoes ?
do you know how to use a computer ?
do you really want tom to do that ?
do you think tom wants to eat now ?
do you think he will like my gift ?
do you want me to call the police ?
do you want to get us both killed ?
do you want to go fishing with me ?
do you want to go to the aquarium ?
do you want to leave it like that ?
do you want to play hide and seek ?
do you want to sleep on the couch ?
don't be afraid . i won't hurt you .
don't go to such a place at night .
don't try to blame this all on me .
don't you want to go to the party ?
drop me a line when you get there .
each one of us should do his best .
either you or she has to go there .
for all his wealth , he is unhappy .
get in the car and lock the doors .
having done his work , he went out .
he applied for the job and got it .
he asked me what i had been doing .
he asked us not to make any noise .
he blew on the tip of his fingers .
he can sing better than any of us .
he devoted a lot of time to study .
he died and his soul went to hell .
he does not seem to be very tired .
he doesn't want to get out of bed .
he drinks a lot of milk every day .
he felt a sharp pain in his chest .
he filled up the hole in the wall .
he gave me a good piece of advice .
he gave me food and money as well .
he gave us quite a lot of trouble .
he gets his hair cut once a month .
he has a few friends in this town .
he has a very good sense of humor .
he has ambition , so he works hard .
he has coached us for half a year .
he has the ability to do the work .
he is learning how to drive a car .
he is not as clever as my brother .
he is not scared of snakes at all .
he is the best player on our team .
he is the son of a wealthy family .
he is to come here at six o'clock .
he is to come to my house tonight .
he is too young to go there alone .
he paid his loan back to the bank .
he raised his hand to stop a taxi .
he ran a great risk in the jungle .
he showed me the way to the store .
he speaks as if he were an expert .
he stared at me from head to foot .
he stood on the edge of the cliff .
he talks as if he knew the secret .
he took a room at the yaesu hotel .
he tried to make up for lost time .
he was at work till late at night .
he was tired , but he kept working .
he was too tired to walk any more .
he will go to new york next month .
he will have to go to the station .
he works from nine to five - thirty .
he's not sure he wants to do this .
his son had been killed in a duel .
how are you going to deal with it ?
how can we be sure of his honesty ?
how did you get so good at french ?
how did you get to know about her ?
how did you learn to cook so well ?
how do i get to the train station ?
how do you know i'm not from here ?
how do you know you can trust tom ?
how do you want me to handle that ?
how long do you have to eat lunch ?
how many days are there in a week ?
how many days do you plan to stay ?
how much farther do we have to go ?
how much further do we have to go ?
how much is that going to cost me ?
hurry up , or we'll miss the train .
i am allowed to swim in the river .
i am fed up with this wet weather .
i am going to a concert next week .
i am not about to pay ten dollars .
i am ready to do anything for you .
i am too tired to keep on walking .
i asked my father to buy this toy .
i bought this coat at a low price .
i can't figure out why he said so .
i can't find the right man for me .
i can't get in touch with him yet .
i can't let you go in there alone .
i can't tell you what tom told me .
i didn't manage to see who it was .
i didn't need to pay for the food .
i didn't think i was going to win .
i do not doubt that he is sincere .
i don't care for the way he talks .
i don't care how long the list is .
i don't have any time to watch tv .
i don't have the money to do that .
i don't have time for all of this .
i don't know any more than you do .
i don't know how deep the lake is .
i don't know if i should tell him .
i don't know if i should tell you .
i don't know what i'm going to do .
i don't know what tom wants to do .
i don't know what the big deal is .
i don't know what to do right now .
i don't know what to make of this .
i don't know who tom gave that to .
i don't know why tom didn't do it .
i don't know why and i don't care .
i don't like being made a fool of .
i don't like it when he does that .
i don't like to go out after dark .
i don't need to be here right now .
i don't plan to be here that long .
i don't really care how you do it .
i don't really want you mad at me .
i don't see any way of doing that .
i don't think tom wants to see me .
i don't think any of us should go .
i don't think this is a good idea .
i don't want to be alone with tom .
i don't want to go back to boston .
i don't want to go back to prison .
i don't want to step on your toes .
i feel like i could sleep all day .
i feel so happy when i'm with you .
i figured i could be of some help .
i figured i might be able to help .
i forgot to tell tom when to come .
i forgot to tell you when to come .
i found the key i was looking for .
i get drunk at least once a month .
i go to the barber's once a month .
i got a long letter from my folks .
i got a temporary job at the firm .
i got my leg hurt in the accident .
i guess that's all i need to know .
i had a feeling you would be late .
i had a good time during the trip .
i had a little help from a friend .
i had a situation to take care of .
i had him write the letter for me .
i had my wallet stolen on the bus .
i had no idea what i should write .
i had problems i had to deal with .
i had some things to take care of .
i hate it when tom and mary fight .
i have a great deal to do tonight .
i have a lot of problems to solve .
i have a score to settle with him .
i have good news in store for you .
i have known that for a long time .
i have lived here for a long time .
i have many friends i can talk to .
i have no idea what that could be .
i have no idea what the reason is .
i have no idea who that is either .
i have no more money in my wallet .
i have no one to blame but myself .
i have not been busy for two days .
i have problems with my wife , too .
i have seen him once on the train .
i have someone i want you to meet .
i have to find someone to help me .
i haven't seen you in a long time .
i hear a dog barking in the woods .
i hung my coat in the hall closet .
i just bought a new pair of shoes .
i just can't wait to go to school .
i just don't want to let you down .
i just don't want you to get hurt .
i just got a call from the police .
i just had to see this for myself .
i just have one other thing to do .
i just want tom to leave me alone .
i just want a little more of that .
i just want them both to be happy .
i just want to be a good neighbor .
i just want to live a normal life .
i just want you to know i'm sorry .
i just want you to think about it .
i knew this day was going to come .
i knew this would be hard for you .
i know tom talks about mary a lot .
i know exactly where i want to go .
i know the cure for what ails you .
i know what it's like to be alone .
i know what the three of you want .
i know what they'll want me to do .
i learned a lot from what i heard .
i left my address book in my room .
i like to relax with a good novel .
i love you more and more each day .
i met tom at his office in boston .
i met an old man near the station .
i met her on a certain winter day .
i met him on the street by chance .
i met him then for the first time .
i must adjust my watch . it's slow .
i need to get to this meeting now .
i need to put the children to bed .
i never want to talk to you again .
i played with the baby on my knee .
i promise you i won't do it again .
i read a lot of books last summer .
i repaid him the money i owed him .
i saw a cat running after the dog .
i saw a dog swim across the river .
i screamed at the top of my lungs .
i think i know why tom isn't here .
i think i look fat in these jeans .
i think i'll lie down for a while .
i think i've got a touch of fever .
i think tom did a really nice job .
i think tom did the best he could .
i think tom is going to come back .
i think tom wants to come with us .
i think he is something of a poet .
i think he will come to our party .
i think it's better not to try it .
i think it's time for me to leave .
i think it's time for me to split .
i think it's time for me to study .
i think it's time for us to leave .
i think that tom is an honest man .
i think that might be a good idea .
i think we both know why i'm here .
i think we'll make it if we hurry .
i think you and he wanna be alone .
i think you ought to rest a while .
i thought i might be able to help .
i thought tom would be at the bar .
i thought it might be of some use .
i want my father to see the movie .
i want to hear you play the piano .
i want to keep on living with him .
i want to know where it came from .
i want to name the baby after you .
i want to see what i'm up against .
i want to talk to you after class .
i want to thank you for your time .
i want what's best for both of us .
i want you all to be very careful .
i want you to find out about that .
i want you to keep your eyes open .
i want you to listen to this song .
i want you to look out the window .
i want you to return to your seat .
i wanted to make you feel at home .
i wanted you to have a little fun .
i was born the year the war ended .
i was chained to the desk all day .
i was moved to tears by the story .
i was really young when i met you .
i was tired , but i couldn't sleep .
i went for a drive in the country .
i went to the park to play tennis .
i will pick him up at the station .
i wish i had asked you for advice .
i would like to make a phone call .
i would like to see tom once more .
i'd like to find out what this is .
i'd like to get a little shut eye .
i'd like to go back to the office .
i'd like to have a glass of water .
i'd like to join a night bus tour .
i'd like to see that ring , please .
i'd like to sit here for a moment .
i'd like you to have a blood test .
i'd like you to look after my dog .
i'd love to go to boston with you .
i'll be able to see you next year .
i'll be with you in a few minutes .
i'll be with you in just a second .
i'll give you as many as you like .
i'll let you know when i need you .
i'll miss you very much if you go .
i'll stand by you in time of need .
i'll teach you how to drive a car .
i'm afraid i'm a bit out of shape .
i'm happy to see you in one piece .
i'm looking for a bag for my wife .
i'm lucky to have you as a friend .
i'm not going to tell you my name .
i'm not in the least afraid of it .
i'm not sure i'm ready to do this .
i'm not sure if i'm stupid or not .
i'm not the kind to kiss and tell .
i'm not the only one with a child .
i'm proud to have him as a friend .
i'm so embarrassed , i want to die .
i'm sorry , but i'm busy right now .
i'm sorry . i got the wrong number .
i'm sure that i'll miss her a lot .
i'm the guy who gave tom that hat .
if it rains , bring the washing in .
if you can't beat them , join them .
if you need anything , let me know .
in any case , it's always my fault .
in case of an emergency , dial 110 .
is that all you wanted to tell us ?
it appears that he was in a hurry .
it is a great pleasure to be here .
it is a very difficult job for us .
it is hard for me to believe this .
it is impossible for him to do it .
it is impossible for you to do so .
it is not far away from the hotel .
it is not good to laugh at others .
it is time you told her the truth .
it is too cold for a picnic today .
it is too expensive for me to buy .
it is useless to go on strike now .
it is very hard to date this vase .
it looks as if it's going to rain .
it looks like we fell into a trap .
it looks like you had a tough day .
it seems that i have lost my keys .
it seems to me that you are wrong .
it was almost noon when i woke up .
it was proved that he was a thief .
it was quite dark when i got home .
it wasn't tom's idea . it was mine .
it would be sad if that were true .
it's a cloak - and - dagger operation .
it's mean of you to talk that way .
it's my turn to tell you a secret .
it's the best - kept secret in town .
i ’ ll introduce you to my mother .
john is two years older than i am .
keep it in mind for the next time .
keep your room as neat as you can .
kobe is the city where i was born .
let me tell you how i really feel .
lost in thought , i missed my stop .
may i ask you to close the window ?
my family will be away for a week .
my father has a blue and gray tie .
my house is only a mile from here .
my mother died when i was a child .
my mother told me to mow the lawn .
my shoes are the same size as his .
no one i know wears a tie anymore .
no one told me that he had failed .
no stars could be seen in the sky .
not a sound was heard in the room .
one is red and the other is white .
one word is enough for a wise man .
she asked him to not quit his job .
she asked me to pass her the salt .
she gave me a bag made of leather .
she goes to a school for the deaf .
she grew up to be a famous doctor .
she had only a small sum of money .
she has known him for a long time .
she has put her house up for sale .
she left her son alone in the car .
she made him a cake for his party .
she made up her mind to go abroad .
she stole a lot of money from him .
she wanted him to sing her a song .
she wants him to be just a friend .
she was not in the mood for lunch .
she was on the point of going out .
she was sore at me for being late .
she was the first one to help him .
she went to a movie the other day .
she went to see him the other day .
six months is a long time to wait .
smoking will do you a lot of harm .
some of us might be willing to go .
sorry , i didn't mean to scare you .
sorry , i've got my hands full now .
sorry , but i have to work tonight .
summer days can be very , very hot .
taking care of the baby is my job .
thank you , sir , for your kindness .
that is not how we do things here .
that was a big mistake , wasn't it ?
that will cost you a lot of money .
the boy has never been to the zoo .
the boy told me why he was crying .
the money on the desk is not mine .
the old man gave her a small doll .
the plan calls for a lot of money .
there are a few boats on the lake .
there is no need to talk about it .
there was a lot of snow last year .
there was no one else on the road .
they de - iced the bridge with salt .
they did it in front of the staff .
they didn't so much as hint at it .
they just want to get to know you .
they made me wait for a long time .
they stood on the top of the hill .
they want to talk to you a moment .
this book is mine . where is yours ?
this is all that i know about him .
this is too good a chance to miss .
to be honest , i really don't know .
tom didn't want to sit next to me .
tom died with a knife in his back .
tom does only what he wants to do .
tom got a job at a local pizzeria .
tom got up and walked to the door .
tom had no idea how rich mary was .
tom is both a doctor and a writer .
tom is kind of worked up about it .
tom is on the swim team at school .
tom is your best friend , isn't he ?
tom knows how to have a good time .
tom met mary on his way to school .
tom met mary on the way to school .
tom opened the car door to get in .
tom put on a pair of latex gloves .
tom saw a play in the new theater .
tom still has the book i lent him .
tom was the first boy to hug mary .
tom was the only one in the house .
tom , i have something to tell you .
traveling by boat is a lot of fun .
try to make the most of your time .
twelve years old is old for a dog .
we are all eager to see the movie .
we are not here for fun and games .
we ate a nice meal and drank wine .
we didn't want to get in your way .
we don't know why he had to leave .
we feed our dog three times a day .
we found a nail stuck in the tire .
we found that we had lost our way .
we have just a tiny bit of garden .
we have no choice but to carry on .
we have plenty of time to do that .
we must ask the bank for the loan .
we want to talk to you about that .
we will leave as soon as he comes .
we will take care of this for you .
we'll have to pull an all - nighter .
we're not ready to have a kid now .
we're not so different , you and i .
we've had a lot of rain this year .
well , tom , shouldn't we tell mary ?
what i really want to do is sleep .
what i want isn't tea , but coffee .
what i want to know are the facts .
what are you going to tell me now ?
what did he want to know about me ?
what did you want to see me about ?
what do you like to cook the most ?
what do you like to eat for lunch ?
what do you think of this red hat ?
what does that have to do with me ?
what does this have to do with us ?
what exactly do you want me to do ?
what exactly do you want us to do ?
what game do you want to play now ?
what is it you want to talk about ?
what time do you get up every day ?
what time is it now by your watch ?
what will you do when you grow up ?
when did you go to bed last night ?
which cd do you want to listen to ?
who is able to explain this to me ?
who is the girl in the pink dress ?
who was that woman i saw you with ?
why did you want to speak with us ?
why didn't tom tell us what to do ?
why do tom and mary fight so much ?
why do you want to become a nurse ?
why do you want to do that anyway ?
why don't we go out and get drunk ?
why don't you give me what i want ?
why don't you talk to me about it ?
why was i turned down for the job ?
will you go to the movies with me ?
will you pass me the salt , please ?
will you tell me why you like her ?
would you get me a glass of water ?
would you like to go have a drink ?
would you tell me when to get off ?
you can see it with the naked eye .
you can't help now . it's too late .
you don't have to get up so early .
you don't have to obey such a law .
you don't have to stay to the end .
you have only to ask for his help .
you know we don't need to do that .
you know what song i want to sing .
you may as well tell me the truth .
you may not be as lucky next time .
you must do exactly as i tell you .
you need a license to drive a car .
you need to stop saying no to tom .
you never have any doubts , do you ?
you ought not to make fun of them .
you said your boss was a nice guy .
you want to leave here , don't you ?
you were told to stay on the ship .
you're just the man i want to see .
you're the only one who can do it .
your being here means a lot to me .
a cat came out from under the desk .
a hug from you would make me happy .
a man came to visit you last night .
a man's life has its ups and downs .
after that , i didn't see him again .
all of us were shocked by the news .
all of us will die sooner or later .
all you have to do is study harder .
are you going to tell me your name ?
are you in a bad mood or something ?
are you ready to hear the bad news ?
are you sure this is what you want ?
are you sure you want to leave now ?
are you telling me that i can't go ?
are you telling this story or am i ?
at last , we arrived at the village .
at what point do we start to worry ?
between us , he is a little foolish .
call me up at seven in the morning .
can i tell my father what you want ?
can you give us your point of view ?
can you guess where i am right now ?
can you read that sign ahead of us ?
cheese is easy to cut with a knife .
could i have a minute of your time ?
could i see the menu and wine list ?
could you call me back a bit later ?
could you give us a minute , please ?
could you pass me the salt , please ?
did tom tell you where he got this ?
did anyone call me while i was out ?
did you buy it on the black market ?
did you hear the roar of the lions ?
do i have your permission to do so ?
do you approve of what he is doing ?
do you get much snow in the winter ?
do you have something to say to me ?
do you have these shoes in my size ?
do you know that nice - looking girl ?
do you know the man staring at you ?
do you know what this is all about ?
do you know when tom will get back ?
do you like to live in the country ?
do you mind if i use your computer ?
do you really want to work with us ?
do you still remember how to do it ?
do you still want to be an officer ?
do you think i should go by myself ?
do you think i should write to tom ?
do you think your car will make it ?
do you want this room painted , too ?
do you want to give it another try ?
do you want to go shopping with me ?
do you want to play tennis with us ?
do you want to stay here all night ?
does mary want me to walk her home ?
don't get angry . it won't help you .
don't keep me in the dark about it .
don't let the dog sleep in our bed .
don't put the wet towel in the bag .
don't tell me if you don't want to .
don't use slang if you can help it .
don't worry , i'm going to help you .
don't worry . tom won't let us down .
don't you want to be in love again ?
don't you want to know what i want ?
don't you want to know where i was ?
each of the three boys got a prize .
each of the three boys won a prize .
first we'll eat , and then we'll go .
give me some time to think it over .
give me what you have in your hand .
have you known him for a long time ?
have you taken a bath yet , takashi ?
having finished it , he went to bed .
he and his friend sat on the bench .
he came in spite of the heavy snow .
he cares about no one , but himself .
he censured me for what i had done .
he chipped the edge of the tea cup .
he could read me like an open book .
he declined the offer and so did i .
he did his best only to fail again .
he did the reverse of what i asked .
he died on the day his son arrived .
he earns his living as a hotel boy .
he gave an angry shake of his head .
he gave me clothes as well as food .
he grabbed the chance to get a job .
he has been in japan for two years .
he has much more money than i have .
he hurried in order to get the bus .
he hurt his left foot when he fell .
he hurt his left hand with a knife .
he is afraid to fly in an airplane .
he is likely to be late for school .
he is looked up to as their leader .
he is madly in love with that girl .
he is not interested in art at all .
he is not old enough to live alone .
he is supposed to be at home today .
he kept me waiting for a long time .
he kept us waiting for a long time .
he left a large fortune to his son .
he let his books fall to the floor .
he let the dog loose in the garden .
he looked at her from head to foot .
he lost his temper and hit the boy .
he played a minor part in the play .
he ran to school , arriving in time .
he read the poem with a loud voice .
he said it was out of the question .
he saw suicide as the only way out .
he seems to have no sense of humor .
he sent money to help care for her .
he stared at her hand for a moment .
he stood up and took a deep breath .
he stood with his back to the wall .
he suggested that we go for a swim .
he taught me how to spell the word .
he uses a pencil with a fine point .
he warned us not to enter the room .
he was left all alone in the woods .
he was reading a book at that time .
he was too tired to go any farther .
he was too tired to go any further .
he was walking in front of the car .
he was weak from the loss of blood .
he's about the same age as you are .
he's better at the piano than i am .
his room is twice as large as mine .
how cold is it in boston right now ?
how dare you speak like that to me ?
how dare you speak to me like that !
how did you come by all this money ?
how did you come to know about her ?
how did you learn to dance so well ?
how did you make a living in tokyo ?
how do you know so much about this ?
how do you plan on paying for that ?
how long did you stay at the party ?
how long will it take to get there ?
how many hours a day does tom swim ?
how many men named tom do you know ?
how many pairs of shoes do you own ?
how many times have you lied to me ?
how many ways are there to do that ?
how much did you pay for the dress ?
how much thinner do you want to be ?
hurry up , and you'll catch the bus .
hurry up , or you'll miss the train .
i advised him to come back at once .
i am able to swim across the river .
i am afraid he will make a mistake .
i am afraid that he might get hurt .
i am afraid that you will get lost .
i am afraid to jump over the ditch .
i am going to leave my present job .
i am grateful to you for your help .
i am not always at home on sundays .
i am on good terms with my brother .
i am taking a holiday at the beach .
i am unable to agree on that point .
i am very tired from the hard work .
i am waiting for the store to open .
i asked my teacher what to do next .
i buy loads of stuff at that store .
i can hardly make out what he says .
i can look at it when you're ready .
i can not bear this noise any more .
i can run the fastest of the three .
i can walk to school in 10 minutes .
i can't afford a new car this year .
i can't decide if i'm happy or sad .
i can't find time to read the book .
i can't help you because i am busy .
i can't play tennis as well as tom .
i can't put up with all that noise .
i can't put up with her any longer .
i can't put up with him any longer .
i can't tell you how thrilled i am .
i can't think of his name just now .
i carried the heavy bag on my back .
i caught sight of her in the crowd .
i couldn't figure out how to do it .
i didn't know that she had a child .
i didn't know where to get the bus .
i didn't want you to miss your bus .
i don't care who tom is talking to .
i don't dare tell him such a thing .
i don't doubt that he will help me .
i don't ever want to see you again .
i don't ever want to talk about it .
i don't expect you to be my friend .
i don't feed my dog in the morning .
i don't have any money on me today .
i don't have time to do that today .
i don't know how much time we have .
i don't know how to deal with this .
i don't know how to make you happy .
i don't know how to spell the word .
i don't know if i can believe that .
i don't know if i have enough time .
i don't know if i'm ready for this .
i don't know if he locked the door .
i don't know if it's what he wants .
i don't know if that's a good idea .
i don't know if that's wise or not .
i don't know what i want right now .
i don't know what tom said to mary .
i don't know what else to tell you .
i don't know what plan he will try .
i don't know what you want to hear .
i don't know where the bus stop is .
i don't know where to wait for her .
i don't know which of you is older .
i don't know why i bother with you .
i don't know why i keep doing that .
i don't like being told what to do .
i don't like the house he lives in .
i don't need to be lectured by you .
i don't see what the fuss is about .
i don't think i can wait that long .
i don't think i could ever do that .
i don't think it's such a bad idea .
i don't think we can afford it now .
i don't want to do your dirty work .
i don't want to get my hands dirty .
i don't want to get you in trouble .
i don't want to live by your rules .
i don't want to see you here again .
i don't want you to think i'm nuts .
i don't want you to worry about me .
i expect tom won't want to do that .
i expect to take a vacation in may .
i feel bad that i can't come today .
i fell down the stairs in my haste .
i found a rare stamp at that store .
i found it necessary to get a loan .
i found it while i was cleaning up .
i found no money left in my pocket .
i gave the beggar what money i had .
i go to the beach almost every day .
i got a call from her this morning .
i got a call from the school today .
i guess i'll have to think it over .
i had a dream about you last night .
i had no idea you were so ruthless .
i had this suit custom made for me .
i had to park two blocks from here .
i had to pay 5 dollars in addition .
i had too much to drink last night .
i hate the guy who lives next door .
i have a friend who lives in tokyo .
i have a son in junior high school .
i have an idea she will come today .
i have an uncle who lives in kyoto .
i have been a teacher for 15 years .
i have been silent for a long time .
i have heard quite a lot about you .
i have some things to take care of .
i have the same trouble as you had .
i have to get away from this place .
i have to go to the police station .
i haven't heard from tom in a year .
i haven't seen them in a long time .
i haven't seen you guys in a while .
i haven't talked to you in a while .
i hear from him every now and then .
i heard a young girl call for help .
i hope that she will get well soon .
i hope that you will get well soon .
i hope to own my own house someday .
i hope you are not catching a cold .
i insist that he should go with us .
i just changed my mind . that's all .
i just didn't want you to get hurt .
i just don't want to be left alone .
i just don't want to talk about it .
i just don't want you to get upset .
i just found out what was going on .
i just got a call from your school .
i just had a talk with your doctor .
i just had a talk with your lawyer .
i just need to blow off some steam .
i just want to be a little happier .
i just want to know what to expect .
i just wanted a shoulder to cry on .
i just wanted to have a little fun .
i know how important tom is to you .
i know the house where he was born .
i know what you want to talk about .
i know you don't like me very much .
i like rice more than i like bread .
i like what you did with your hair .
i love you more and more every day .
i loved reading when i was a child .
i made a lot of mistakes back then .
i made an effort to finish my work .
i may not get anything i asked for .
i meet him on occasion at the club .
i need some time to think about it .
i need to ask you a silly question .
i needed to be sure he'd come here .
i no longer want to live in boston .
i only found out a couple days ago .
i only wish it wasn't so hot today .
i ought to have told her the truth .
i owe what i am today to education .
i pawned my guitar to pay the rent .
i persuaded him to go to the party .
i plan to go to her cocktail party .
i planted an apple tree in my yard .
i play the guitar in my spare time .
i put on a little weight last year .
i raised my hand to ask a question .
i ran upstairs two steps at a time .
i really don't have a lot of money .
i reckon it's time for us to leave .
i regret to say he's gone for good .
i remember that i gave him the key .
i said some things i wish i didn't .
i saw tom sitting in the third row .
i saw my sister tear up the letter .
i saw some cars in the parking lot .
i spoke to tom about what mary did .
i suggest that we go out on friday .
i think i'd like to be your friend .
i think tom may be right this time .
i think he will object to our plan .
i think it's time for me to retire .
i think that will be all for today .
i think we both know how tom feels .
i think we should get back to work .
i think we should sell our old car .
i think we're going to need it all .
i think what tom is doing is great .
i think what you want is over here .
i think you had better take a rest .
i think you'll want to hear me out .
i thought tom was going to be here .
i thought we were all going to die .
i thought we were on the same side .
i took the little girl by the hand .
i tried to call you but i couldn't .
i tried to write with my left hand .
i want to be very clear about that .
i want to finish this work by five .
i want to hear all about your trip .
i want to help you figure this out .
i want to meet people and have fun .
i want to see what there is inside .
i want to spend some time with you .
i want to stay at the hilton hotel .
i want to tell you a strange thing .
i want us all under one roof again .
i want you out of here by tomorrow .
i want you to come with us tonight .
i want you to see what you've done .
i wanted to make a few phone calls .
i was able to find out his address .
i was able to play piano very well .
i was almost afraid to talk to you .
i was fortunate to find a good job .
i was glad to hear of your success .
i was in london most of the summer .
i was just going to write a letter .
i was moved to tears by her speech .
i was thinking of buying a new car .
i was young and i needed the money .
i wasn't the only one who was late .
i went to bed at twelve last night .
i went to see his sister last week .
i went to the mall with my friends .
i will be glad to help you anytime .
i will call in order to confirm it .
i will go cycling even if it rains .
i will make every effort to get it .
i will teach you how to play chess .
i wish i had time for a girlfriend .
i wish you could have come with me .
i wish you would do as you're told .
i wonder what i'll find in the box .
i'd like to get to know you better .
i'd like to learn to play the harp .
i'd like you to keep this a secret .
i'll be whatever you want me to be .
i'll do whatever i can to help you .
i'll finish it as quickly as i can .
i'll go wherever you want me to go .
i'll keep it a secret . don't worry .
i'll split it with you fifty - fifty .
i'm glad you were able to meet tom .
i'm looking for a gift for my wife .
i'm not sure i want to do anything .
i'm not sure i'd want to live here .
i'm not sure when tom will be back .
i'm not sure why tom asked me that .
i'm now about as tall as my father .
i'm sorry i had to leave you alone .
i'm sorry , my mother's not at home .
i'm sure tom told you i was coming .
i'm sure you don't want to do that .
i'm too old for this sort of thing .
i'm very busy so don't count on me .
i'm very slow at making up my mind .
i'm very sorry i came home so late .
i'm way stronger than i used to be .
i've got all the time in the world .
i've just put new sheets on my bed .
i've never felt so good in my life .
if he doesn't come , what'll you do ?
if the car breaks down , we'll walk .
in case i forget , please remind me .
in case of fire , break this window .
is it all right to eat out tonight ?
is it something you can get rid of ?
is it true tom can't read or write ?
is that what you really want to do ?
is there a photo shop in the hotel ?
is there anything i can do for you ?
is this really what you want to do ?
it began to rain before i got home .
it cost a lot more than i expected .
it doesn't make any sense , does it ?
it happened to me about a year ago .
it is true that he won first prize .
it is true that the earth is round .
it isn't as cold here as in alaska .
it may already be too late for him .
it reminds me of the good old days .
it saddens me to hear you say that .
it seems that he is unable to swim .
it seems to me that you are honest .
it took courage to do what tom did .
it was tom that told me this story .
it was tom who helped us find mary .
it was a pleasure meeting you , tom .
it was his first trip as a captain .
it won't hurt you to skip one meal .
it would be crazy to do that again .
it's a dog eat dog world out there .
it's a good start , don't you think ?
it's my dream to win a nobel prize .
it's the only thing i can think of .
just at that time , the bus stopped .
last night , we went to the theater .
last year , there was a bad harvest .
lend him as much money as he needs .
let's eat now . i'm dying of hunger .
look at me when i'm talking to you !
look at the sign just ahead of you .
mary knows how to have a good time .
may i take a shower in the morning ?
maybe it's not as hard as it looks .
miyazaki is not what it used to be .
mr . jackson is a very good teacher .
my brother gave me a pair of jeans .
my brother is a first - year student .
my car is parked not far from here .
my daughter is the apple of my eye .
my dream is to go to japan someday .
my parents won't let me have a dog .
my room is twice as large as yours .
my sister and i went to the castle .
my sister likes melons and so do i .
my sister saw it with her own eyes .
my sister showed a new watch to me .
my uncle has a farm in the village .
never hit a man who can fight back .
no one here seems to want our help .
no one told me that she had failed .
none of this makes any sense to me .
normally , we eat three times a day .
nothing can force me to give it up .
one of my friends bought a red car .
our team is likely to win the game .
please move the tv set to the left .
please move to the rear of the bus .
please write to me once in a while .
prices have reached a 13 - year high .
put me through to the boss , please .
put the chair in front of the desk .
put this book on top of the others .
salmon can jump up to 12 feet high .
she did come , but didn't stay long .
she didn't know what to say to him .
she found a need and she filled it .
she gave birth to twins a week ago .
she gave him money as well as food .
she goes to the movies once a week .
she got into the car and drove off .
she got to the hotel late at night .
she got up at seven in the morning .
she had to take care of her sister .
she has a piano lesson once a week .
she has never sung a song with him .
she is going to learn how to drive .
she is learning how to drive a car .
she is too young to know the truth .
she lost her son in a car accident .
she may not be aware of the danger .
she parked her car in a vacant lot .
she put her head out of the window .
she reminded him to go to the bank .
she seems to be living by the lake .
she spends a lot of money on books .
she spends a lot of money on shoes .
she was lying face down on the bed .
she was similar to me in many ways .
she was too tired to go on working .
she will come even if she is tired .
she's as good a cook as her mother .
should i wait for her to come back ?
since it's very cold , we can skate .
since you're here , you can help me .
sit back , relax and enjoy the ride .
take good care of my daughter , tom .
that doesn't give us a lot of time .
that is the house where i was born .
that is the worst thing you can do !
that is why he was late for school .
that jacket is way too big for you .
that would be nice if it were true .
that's all i can say at the moment .
that's not how i want things to be .
that's the last thing i want to do .
the english lesson started at 8 : 30 .
the boy caught the cat by the tail .
the boy has an apple in his pocket .
the bus stops in front of my house .
the camera will cost at least $ 500 .
the cat dug its claws into my hand .
the cause of the fire is not known .
the child threw a stone at the dog .
the diamond was set in a gold ring .
the door opened and a man came out .
the lion is the king of the beasts .
the lion is the king of the jungle .
the money has been put to good use .
the offer is too good to turn down .
the play was based on a true story .
the price of oil is down this week .
the price of this car is very high .
the sky was clear when i left home .
the teacher and i sat face to face .
the trip will take at least a week .
the word " theory " is often misused .
there are a lot of parks in london .
there are lots of eggs in that box .
there was a ton of pressure on him .
there's so much i want to show you .
there's so much i want to tell you .
they all stood up at the same time .
they climbed to the top of a cliff .
they did not have much food to eat .
they want us to come in right away .
this bomb can kill a lot of people .
this is a very time - consuming task .
this is always the way it has been .
this is someone i want you to meet .
this is the dress i made last week .
this is the girl you wanted to see .
this is the hospital i was born in .
this is the house where i was born .
this is the place i told tom about .
this is the place i told you about .
this is the town where he was born .
this might not be such a good idea .
those who want to remain may do so .
three hours is a long time to wait .
to err is human , to forgive divine .
tom asked mary why she was so late .
tom asked me to give you a message .
tom can ski as well as his brother .
tom can't swim as well as mary can .
tom didn't have to get up so early .
tom doesn't know how to milk a cow .
tom drives a black car , doesn't he ?
tom expected it to cost a lot more .
tom gave mary all the money he had .
tom had no idea how tired mary was .
tom has barely said a word all day .
tom has caused me a lot of trouble .
tom is a much better liar than you .
tom is always one step ahead of us .
tom is hiding something . i know it .
tom is three years older than i am .
tom isn't going to let you do that .
tom isn't sure he wants to do this .
tom knew where he had put his keys .
tom knows how to tell a good story .
tom likes mary just the way she is .
tom likes to do things his own way .
tom lives on the same street as me .
tom puts too much sugar in his tea .
tom said that the soup was too hot .
tom stole a lot of money from mary .
tom told mary not to wait for john .
tom told us that he had a headache .
tom tried in vain to hide his pain .
tom used to come here all the time .
tom wanted to turn over a new leaf .
tom wants me to stay away from him .
tom wants to buy a house in boston .
tom will be happy to see you again .
tom wrote a lot of letters to mary .
tom's a great guy to hang out with .
tomorrow , he will land on the moon .
turn off the light and go to sleep .
wait . i want to show you something .
wait . i want to tell you something .
we all need help from time to time .
we are about to sit down to dinner .
we are all eager to know the truth .
we are in the era of atomic energy .
we are looking for a place to stay .
we can talk about it in the future .
we can't put a young boy in prison .
we can't say any more at this time .
we don't need to do this every day .
we don't want to take the time now .
we got married on october 20 , 2013 .
we had a very good time last night .
we had a very hot summer this year .
we have a long journey ahead of us .
we have to come together as a team .
we have to get you to the hospital .
we have to weigh the pros and cons .
we just want you to tell the truth .
we made a good impression , i think .
we need a bit more time to prepare .
we owe part of our success to luck .
we still have to look for the hook .
we want you to be the team captain .
we were on the train for ten hours .
we will make every effort to do so .
we'll make a sailor out of you yet .
we're not going to make it in time .
we've got to get you to a hospital .
what am i supposed to do with that ?
what am i supposed to do with them ?
what am i supposed to tell tom now ?
what are you going to do with that ?
what do you suppose is in this box ?
what do you think he meant by that ?
what do you think of his new novel ?
what do you think she is doing now ?
what do you think they'll do to me ?
what do you want the message to be ?
what grade did you get on the test ?
what he said turned out to be true .
what he says makes no sense at all .
what is the local time in new york ?
what should we do if he comes late ?
what was it that brought you to me ?
when i bite down , this tooth hurts .
when he saw me , he started running .
when was the last time you saw tom ?
when was the last time you saw her ?
when was the last time you saw him ?
when will the world come to an end ?
where can i obtain a map of europe ?
which tv show do you like the most ?
which do you prefer , rice or bread ?
which one of you wasn't on the bus ?
while there is life , there is hope .
who is the woman in the brown coat ?
why are you looking at me that way ?
why did you want to come back here ?
why do you want to dress like that ?
why doesn't tom want to go with us ?
why don't you go to school with us ?
why don't you lie down for a while ?
why don't you want to come with us ?
why don't you want to wear a dress ?
why is it that you are always late ?
why would you want to be a teacher ?
will he be able to catch the train ?
will we be in time for the concert ?
will you buy me some bread , please ?
will you help me look for my purse ?
will you let me know when he comes ?
would you like to come to my party ?
would you like to hang out with us ?
would you like to hear my new song ?
would you like to talk to a lawyer ?
would you mind if i took a picture ?
would you tell me the time , please ?
you are now on the way to recovery .
you are trusted by every one of us .
you bought it from tom , didn't you ?
you can go wherever you want to go .
you can have someone do it for you .
you can pick out any book you like .
you can stay only if you are quiet .
you can stay with us for the night .
you can trust him to keep his word .
you can't be in two places at once .
you can't do both at the same time .
you can't kick tom out of the club .
you didn't buy that story , did you ?
you didn't eat much lunch , did you ?
you do know tom's lying , don't you ?
you don't have to do what tom says .
you don't know how much i love you .
you don't really want that , do you ?
you had a good weekend , didn't you ?
you have been a great mentor to me .
you just have to do as you're told .
you must get rid of that bad habit .
you ought to be quiet in a library .
you should try to be more like tom .
you warned me , but i didn't listen .
you will keep your word , won't you ?
you will never be too old to learn .
your son must be quite tall by now .
a cat was sleeping in the bass drum .
a cold wind was blowing on his face .
a friend in need is a friend indeed .
a home is more than a mere building .
a hot bath made me feel much better .
a lot of jobs are done by computers .
a lot of people applied for the job .
a lot of people are waiting for tom .
a monkey is climbing up a tall tree .
a red light was glowing in the dark .
above all , don't forget to write me .
above all , you must help each other .
after breakfast , we went for a walk .
after taking a bath , tom ate dinner .
all you can do is trust one another .
am i seeing what i think i'm seeing ?
an elephant isn't as big as a whale .
are you accusing me of being a liar ?
are you coming to the store with me ?
are you going to mow the lawn today ?
are you saying my life is in danger ?
are you sure you don't want to come ?
ask him when the next plane will be .
at that time , tom wasn't very happy .
bartender , i'd like to have a drink .
before he died , he was almost blind .
believe it or not , i went skydiving .
can i borrow it for about two weeks ?
can i speak to the person in charge ?
can i use a credit card for payment ?
can this be just between you and me ?
can you come into my office , please ?
can you help me with the washing up ?
children want to act like grown - ups .
come any closer , and i'll shoot you .
come see me if you are free tonight .
could we have a table by the window ?
could we have a table in the corner ?
could you bring us the bill , please ?
could you find a room for my sister ?
could you find out how to get there ?
did tom tell you where he was going ?
did tom tell you where the party is ?
did he say anything about it to you ?
did you hear my son play the violin ?
did you reserve a room at the hotel ?
did you say that tom is your friend ?
do you approve of what she is doing ?
do you believe in the power of love ?
do you eat three square meals a day ?
do you have any idea where tom went ?
do you have enough money to buy one ?
do you know how fast you were going ?
do you know how to use a dictionary ?
do you know how to use this machine ?
do you know if tom can speak french ?
do you know the name of this flower ?
do you know this man in the picture ?
do you know why tom doesn't like me ?
do you know why he wasn't at school ?
do you love my brother more than me ?
do you mean you don't find that odd ?
do you mind if i change the channel ?
do you mind if i sleep here tonight ?
do you really think tom can hear us ?
do you really want to get more done ?
do you see the entrance of the park ?
do you think i look like my brother ?
do you want me to be your bodyguard ?
do you want me to shuffle the cards ?
don't go off without saying good - by .
don't look at me with such sad eyes .
don't tell me how to spend my money .
every time it rains , the roof leaks .
everyone is going to call me a liar .
excuse me , but where is the library ?
excuse me , is there a toilet nearby ?
few people live to be 100 years old .
for all her riches , she's not happy .
have you ever read a book in french ?
have you ever seen a film this good ?
he and i are almost the same height .
he blew out the candles on the cake .
he came to london by way of siberia .
he can't even read , let alone write .
he comes to see me nearly every day .
he could not find what i had hidden .
he did nothing but watch tv all day .
he doesn't care if his car is dirty .
he doesn't have a job . he's retired .
he doesn't want to live in the city .
he doubts if i will keep my promise .
he drew a straight line on the wall .
he earns three times more than i do .
he explained to my son why it rains .
he fell ill because he ate too much .
he finally found out how to make it .
he gave me what little money he had .
he got hurt in the accident at work .
he got the book down from the shelf .
he had an operation on his left leg .
he had plenty of money for his trip .
he had the gall to ignore my advice .
he has more money than can be spent .
he has more money than he can spend .
he is ahead of his class in english .
he is always taking a nap at school .
he is capable of doing such a thing .
he is what we call a musical genius .
he locked up his jewels in the safe .
he offered his seat to an old woman .
he often goes to the library by car .
he plays the piano better than i do .
he said two or three words and left .
he seems to know all about her past .
he showed me how to use this camera .
he stood on the surface of the moon .
he swam until he could swim no more .
he told me that his father was dead .
he told me to leave the window open .
he uses the same dictionary as i do .
he wants the most bang for his buck .
he wants to go to the united states .
he wants to spend time with his son .
he was ashamed of the grades he got .
he was born and brought up in tokyo .
he was in favor of equality for all .
he was jailed on trumped - up charges .
he was kind enough to lend me money .
he was poor and couldn't buy a coat .
he went to bed at eleven last night .
he went to bed because he was tired .
he's the one who told me about that .
her mother has made her what she is .
hey guys , i think i found something .
his hair is black in color and long .
his success was in part due to luck .
how can i get to the police station ?
how did we get into so much trouble ?
how do i know you'll keep your word ?
how do you think that makes me feel ?
how long are you going to stay here ?
how long do they wish to spend here ?
how long have you been in this town ?
how many boys are there in the room ?
how many cars have you owned so far ?
how many days does a leap year have ?
how many hours of sleep do you need ?
how many pairs of socks do you have ?
how much money does he make a month ?
hurry up , or you'll miss your plane .
hurry , and you will catch the train .
i always catch a cold in the winter .
i am all alone in a foreign country .
i am almost scared to talk with you .
i am going to watch tv this evening .
i am really pleased with my new car .
i am sorry to have kept you waiting .
i am very pleased with my new house .
i asked tom if he needed more money .
i asked him if he would return soon .
i asked you if you wanted some help .
i banged my leg on the coffee table .
i believe that he is a reliable man .
i can assure you that you are wrong .
i can walk to school in ten minutes .
i can't believe your mom let you go .
i can't decide whether to go or not .
i can't go to work in these clothes .
i can't put up with that loud noise .
i cannot find time to read the book .
i consider tom to be my best friend .
i could never do that sort of thing .
i could not afford to buy a bicycle .
i could use a little help over here .
i cried when tom told me about that .
i decided on telling her of my love .
i didn't expect you to turn up here .
i didn't have the heart to tell you .
i didn't know there was a pond here .
i didn't want tom to get in trouble .
i didn't want to waste so much time .
i don't care a bit about the future .
i don't care for that sort of thing .
i don't even want to hazard a guess .
i don't even want to think about it .
i don't have any friends to talk to .
i don't have any ideas at this time .
i don't have anything to say to you .
i don't have time to argue with you .
i don't have time to do the laundry .
i don't have time to explain it now .
i don't know any of the five ladies .
i don't know how else to explain it .
i don't know how much time i've got .
i don't know if i have enough money .
i don't know if this will be enough .
i don't know what else we should do .
i don't know what to eat for dinner .
i don't know what to say about that .
i don't know why i reacted that way .
i don't know why you don't like tom .
i don't know why you don't like him .
i don't like it when you're so busy .
i don't read this kind of book much .
i don't remember where i put my key .
i don't see how you can ignore this .
i don't think i can do this anymore .
i don't think i can wait any longer .
i don't think i can walk any faster .
i don't think about you in that way .
i don't want to do that without you .
i don't want to hear about it again .
i don't want to talk about this now .
i doubt tom really needs to do that .
i expected you to be here for lunch .
i fell in love in an unlikely place .
i felt a light touch on my shoulder .
i figure it'll take one or two days .
i figured you must be hungry by now .
i go to the restaurant every 2 days .
i guess i'd better get back to work .
i had a hard time finding his house .
i had a quarrel with him over money .
i had my licence renewed a week ago .
i had no idea you were so dedicated .
i had some problems to take care of .
i had to get something from my room .
i have a reservation for six - thirty .
i have a round trip ticket to tokyo .
i have an account at that book shop .
i have been in japan for two months .
i have kept a diary for three years .
i have nothing to do with that case .
i have nothing to do with the crime .
i have read every book on the shelf .
i have read that story in some book .
i have something i want to tell you .
i hear that she is a famous actress .
i highly doubt tom wants to see you .
i hope tom never gets out of prison .
i hope to see you again before long .
i just don't want to fight with you .
i just got a call from the hospital .
i just had a talk with your teacher .
i just want to know what's going on .
i just want to see what will happen .
i just want you to think about that .
i knew you'd know where to find tom .
i knew you'd like what tom gave you .
i know they'll all want to help you .
i know who it is you're looking for .
i let my sister use my new computer .
i lied to my boyfriend about my age .
i like the slow rhythm of that song .
i like things just the way they are .
i looked , but i didn't see anything .
i made sure no one was following me .
i may know someone who can help you .
i met her on the street by accident .
i need a hacksaw to finish this job .
i need thread to sew on this button .
i never have had occasion to use it .
i never imagined he'd do that to me .
i never let anyone else feed my dog .
i never said this job would be easy .
i no longer have the energy to talk .
i no longer wish to be your husband .
i only quit because you asked me to .
i opened the drawer to get a pencil .
i overslept so i was late to school .
i persuaded him to give up the idea .
i read the book from cover to cover .
i really need to be alone right now .
i really want to get this work done .
i regret that i did not work harder .
i saw an old woman cross the street .
i saw him walking alone in the park .
i should go home and get some sleep .
i should've done that , but i didn't .
i stayed at home because i was sick .
i studied hard when i was in school .
i suppose you want to use my office .
i think i'm in trouble with my wife .
i think tom said he was from boston .
i think it's sad to have no friends .
i think the box has something in it .
i think we'd better get out of here .
i think what tom did was very brave .
i think you know what you should do .
i think you need someone to talk to .
i thought a lot about what tom said .
i thought a lot about what you said .
i thought you'd want to take a look .
i told you i didn't want any coffee .
i tried to imagine life on the moon .
i used to take a walk every morning .
i want her to do the difficult work .
i want it to be different this time .
i want my dinner brought to my room .
i want to dedicate this song to him .
i want to go to school in australia .
i want to hear more about your trip .
i want to know exactly what you did .
i want to know what's on that train .
i want to know where you heard that .
i want to know who your friends are .
i want to learn how to speak french .
i want to live close to the station .
i want to make sure there is enough .
i want to send this letter to japan .
i want to take a nice long vacation .
i want you to leave my family alone .
i wanted to go back to your village .
i was able to swim across the river .
i was in bed all day long yesterday .
i was just trying to stop the fight .
i was meaning to ask you about that .
i was puzzled about what to do next .
i wasn't aware that you were so ill .
i went to drink a beer with friends .
i will be in high school next april .
i will do whatever i think is right .
i will finish the work in five days .
i will go even if it rains tomorrow .
i will look it up in the dictionary .
i will never force you to marry him .
i will side with you just this once .
i will stay here for a short period .
i wish he had gone on to university .
i wish nothing but the best for you .
i won't allow you to date my sister .
i won't put up with this any longer .
i wonder if tom knows what mary did .
i wonder if my efforts will pay off .
i would rather walk than go by taxi .
i wouldn't touch that if i were you .
i'd like a word with you in private .
i'd like to ask you a few questions .
i'd like to ask you for some advice .
i'd like to do this some other time .
i'd like to reserve a table for two .
i'd like to see your ticket , please .
i'd like you to be my guest tonight .
i'd like you to have dinner with me .
i'd rather stay at home than go out .
i'll get used to it sooner or later .
i'll give you a call in the morning .
i'll give you to the count of three .
i'll tell him so when he comes here .
i'll tell you what you want to know .
i'm bored and don't know what to do .
i'm calling to tell you what i need .
i'm going to cook you a nice dinner .
i'm going to need your help on this .
i'm just going to go powder my nose .
i'm not going to go to school today .
i'm not like the rest of these guys .
i'm not sure why they asked me that .
i'm sorry , there's nothing i can do .
i'm sure tom would be happy to help .
i'm the one that pays all the bills .
i've been asked to give this to you .
i've got pins and needles in my leg .
i've just come up with a great idea .
i've never been able to talk to tom .
i've spent a lot of time in casinos .
if it's not one thing , it's another .
if that happened , what would you do ?
if you have time , let's go shopping .
in an emergency , do you act quickly ?
in the summer , i wear cotton shirts .
is sunday the first day of the week ?
is there a flower shop in the hotel ?
is there something i can do for you ?
is this the key you are looking for ?
it appears to me that you are right .
it depends on the size of the chair .
it didn't take you long to get here .
it is likely to be cold this winter .
it is not easy to solve the problem .
it is not good to eat between meals .
it is not necessary to bring a gift .
it is not polite to point at others .
it is not so difficult as you think .
it is said that he knows the secret .
it is strange that he should say so .
it is warm there all the year round .
it reminds me of the good old times .
it seems that no one knew the truth .
it sounds like you had a great time .
it took me several hours to draw it .
it was stupid of me to believe that !
it was stupid of you to believe him .
it was the happiest time of my life .
it would cost twice as much as that .
it's a long way from here to school .
it's a pity that he can't marry her .
it's a risk we can't afford to take .
it's a shame tom couldn't come , too .
it's an ill wind that blows no good .
it's no use waiting for him to come .
it's not safe to swim in that river .
jobs are hard to come by these days .
just think what it could do for you .
let me write down the steps for you .
let's hurry so we can catch the bus .
let's leave as soon as he gets back .
luck comes to those who look for it .
make sure to back up all your files .
my boss assigned the hard job to me .
my boss praised me for my hard work .
my children like to sing in the car .
my father asked me to open the door .
my mother asked me to set the table .
my mother gets up earlier than i do .
my uncle has a deep interest in art .
my uncle lives in the east of spain .
newton saw an apple fall off a tree .
night is when most people go to bed .
no one can keep me from going there .
no one is more determined than i am .
no one is sure how many people died .
no one knew how much tom loved mary .
no one knows what has become of her .
none of us are opposed to his ideas .
normally , i stay at home on sundays .
once you learn it , you never forget .
one day , all this will become yours .
one of my wisdom teeth is coming in .
our car broke down on our way there .
our ownership in the company is 60 % .
pass me the salt and pepper , please .
perhaps tom can help you find a job .
please come to my house for a while .
please tell me where to park my car .
rice is the chief crop in this area .
she applied her mind to her new job .
she asked me to come to her bedside .
she asked me what had become of him .
she came back just as i was leaving .
she can swim as fast as her brother .
she cooks things for me that i like .
she doesn't know how to drive a car .
she doesn't know how to ride a bike .
she gave an oral report to her boss .
she has a large room all to herself .
she is happiest when she is at home .
she is used to staying up all night .
she kept me waiting for a long time .
she laughed at the sight of his hat .
she lived all her life in that town .
she looked well when i last saw her .
she managed to learn to drive a car .
she put lots of sugar in the coffee .
she put up with the pain quite well .
she requested help , but no one came .
she wants to keep him at a distance .
she was brought up in a rich family .
she was the first one to notice him .
she wouldn't go for a walk with him .
sitting down all day is bad for you .
some day we'll take a trip to india .
that bus stops in front of my house .
that isn't what i was saying at all .
that job is impossible for me to do .
that kid's a chip off the old block .
that was the hardest job of my life .
that would be a waste of her talent .
that would be a waste of his talent .
that's very kind of you to say that .
the bakers have a farm up the river .
the answer was right in front of me .
the doctor will be here in a minute .
the door opened and a man walked in .
the doorman will call a taxi for us .
the game will be held rain or shine .
the garden is in front of the house .
the holidays came to an end at last .
the ice was thick enough to walk on .
the kid has a keen sense of hearing .
the man robbed him of all his money .
the mirror is on top of the dresser .
the noise is going to wake the baby .
the notebook is not yours . it's his .
the old couple gave him up for lost .
the plane will take off in one hour .
the rain just stopped . we can leave .
the rule does not apply in our case .
the table in that room is very nice .
the unemployment rate went up to 5 % .
the value of the dollar is going up .
the vase that he broke is my aunt's .
the village i live in is very small .
the war on drugs is a political war .
the way she talks gets on my nerves .
the woman gave birth to a baby girl .
the x - ray showed two broken fingers .
the young man lives in an old house .
there are no more bullets in my gun .
there is a bus stop near our school .
there is a small pond in our garden .
there used to be an old temple here .
there was a lot of snow last winter .
there was a strong wind on that day .
there's no way i'm going to do that .
they don't need to do it right away .
they got the short end of the stick .
they set up a new company in london .
things are not like they used to be .
this book will be very useful to us .
this dress is much too large for me .
this gives me the strength to go on .
this highway saves us a lot of time .
this is a very important day for us .
this is the house where he was born .
this pen is very easy to write with .
this train is made up of seven cars .
this watch was given me by my uncle .
to my surprise , he refused my offer .
tom and i are both waiting for mary .
tom asked mary to wait for him here .
tom asked me how many guitars i own .
tom called to say that he'd be late .
tom can't see mary from where he is .
tom didn't know what to say to mary .
tom didn't really mean that , did he ?
tom didn't want to go to the doctor .
tom doesn't get up as early as mary .
tom doesn't like to be made to wait .
tom doesn't seem to know who we are .
tom doesn't want to take a walk now .
tom doesn't want to talk to you now .
tom goes to school five days a week .
tom had a heart tattooed on his arm .
tom handed mary a cup of hot coffee .
tom has decided to take the day off .
tom has lived in chicago for a year .
tom is going to be thirty next year .
tom is really busy most of the time .
tom is strong , but mary is stronger .
tom is the one that doesn't like me .
tom is the tallest one in the class .
tom is trying not to worry too much .
tom is used to staying up all night .
tom is usually very quiet , isn't he ?
tom knows a lot of stuff about mary .
tom lived in boston for a long time .
tom made room for mary on the bench .
tom may never be able to walk again .
tom never seems to know what to say .
tom pulled a box from under the bed .
tom said that you tried to kill him .
tom says he eats more when he's sad .
tom says he won't come to our party .
tom showed us a photo of his mother .
tom speaks french , and so does mary .
tom takes very good care of his car .
tom threw an empty beer can at mary .
tom told mary not to swim with john .
tom told a joke , but nobody laughed .
tom told me which book i should buy .
tom took a book down from the shelf .
tom waited for mary for a long time .
tom walked to the front of the room .
tom wants to come to boston with us .
tom wants to come with us to boston .
tom was well - known in the community .
tom wasn't able to sleep on the bus .
tomorrow morning , i'll wake up at 6 .
try to be more punctual from now on .
try to make it last a little longer .
water covers about 70 % of the earth .
we did have fun together , didn't we ?
we don't want to give too much away .
we found out that he was her father .
we happened to be on the same train .
we have a stressful day ahead of us .
we invite you to listen to us again .
we might as well get this over with .
we spent the night in a cheap hotel .
we talked to each other for a while .
we were obliged to give up our plan .
we were on the same train by chance .
we will keep the peace at all costs .
we'll get started as soon as we can .
we've got to take tom to the doctor .
what are you trying to hide from me ?
what did you come here so early for ?
what does it feel like to be famous ?
what was it that he was looking for ?
what will losing the war mean to us ?
what would i do if they really came ?
whenever i see this , i remember him .
where did you find such an ugly hat ?
where there's a will , there's a way .
which shoes are you going to put on ?
while reading a book , i fell asleep .
who will take care of your cat then ?
who's tom ? is he your new boyfriend ?
why are you looking at me like that ?
why are you picking a fight with me ?
why are you staring at me like that ?
why are you trying to make me laugh ?
why did you invite tom to the party ?
why don't they just come and get us ?
why don't we just sit here and talk ?
why don't you sit down for a moment ?
why not try some of that white wine ?
will there be any food at the party ?
will you please put the baby to bed ?
will you teach me how to play chess ?
would you like me to tell the truth ?
would you mind if i went home early ?
would you sing us a song in english ?
you and tom are good friends , right ?
you can eat lunch here in this room .
you can't judge a book by its cover .
you can't just leave me here to die .
you didn't come here alone , did you ?
you don't kick a man when he's down .
you don't want to go down this road .
you got what you wanted , didn't you ?
you have to allow for the boy's age .
you have to be home by nine o'clock .
you have too many irons in the fire .
you need a keycard to open the door .
you need to be here for your family .
you should not give him up for lost .
you still haven't told me who he is .
you will soon cease to think of her .
you will wish you had never seen it .
you're going to be very proud of me .
you're the only one who can do this .
you're the only one who can help me .
you've got to tell tom how you feel .
a dollar is equal to a hundred cents .
a fire broke out on the second floor .
a forest fire broke out in this area .
a mile is equal to about 1600 meters .
a year has passed since he came here .
all i want for christmas is a guitar .
all you have to do is to concentrate .
allow me to introduce my wife to you .
am i supposed to believe any of that ?
an apple a day keeps the doctor away .
are you going to have dinner at home ?
are you still in love with your wife ?
are you sure this is the right train ?
are you the girl tom has been dating ?
as the sun rose , the fog disappeared .
at first , i couldn't play the guitar .
at times i feel like quitting my job .
being very tired , i soon fell asleep .
better to err on the side of caution .
bring as many boxes as you can carry .
buying a new tv won't make you happy .
can i borrow one for about two weeks ?
can you complete the job in two days ?
can you direct me to the post office ?
can you tell me what this word means ?
can you tell us what happened to you ?
cats can climb trees , but dogs can't .
classical music is not my cup of tea .
coffee , please , with cream and sugar .
compared with yours , my car is small .
could i have one more coffee , please ?
could i please have a glass of water ?
could you drop me off at the library ?
could you please have a look at this ?
could you please tell me who you are ?
could you turn the heat down , please ?
did i tell you i think you're pretty ?
did you get fired from your last job ?
did you have a good night last night ?
did you have a piano lesson that day ?
did you lend any money to my brother ?
did your uncle let you drive his car ?
do you have any non - alcoholic drinks ?
do you know if she can speak english ?
do you prefer white wine or red wine ?
do you really think tom will help us ?
do you really want to know the truth ?
do you see that ship near the island ?
do you want me to rub your shoulders ?
do you want to ask me some questions ?
does he know how she feels about him ?
does this mean what i think it means ?
don't be afraid to get your feet wet .
don't breathe a word of it to anyone .
don't look a gift horse in the mouth .
don't put anything on top of the box .
don't take it seriously . it's a joke .
don't you think i know my own father ?
eat more , or you won't gain strength .
first , let's talk about what tom did .
have you even heard a word i've said ?
have your paper on my desk by monday .
he accused her of having lied to him .
he attends the same school that i do .
he called out the name of the winner .
he can speak thai as well as english .
he compared his car to the new model .
he crossed the river in a small boat .
he does not have anyone to play with .
he excelled in music even as a child .
he fell in love with a younger woman .
he fell in love with his best friend .
he felt in his pocket for his wallet .
he gave his blood to help his sister .
he goes to the library to read books .
he had an accident and broke his leg .
he has good reason to get very angry .
he headed for the door at full speed .
he invested a lot of money in stocks .
he is absorbed in the study of latin .
he is bigger than all the other boys .
he is leaving for new york next week .
he is proud of his father being rich .
he is saving money for a trip abroad .
he is used to that type of situation .
he is younger than me by three years .
he keeps all his savings in the bank .
he listened with his ear to the door .
he lives as if he were a millionaire .
he lives in the western part of town .
he made the company what it is today .
he missed the last train by a minute .
he passed his property on to his son .
he played a key role in the movement .
he put a hand gently on her shoulder .
he ran at the sight of the policeman .
he ran away so he wouldn't be caught .
he returned home by way of hong kong .
he said he had been to hawaii before .
he said that he would call you later .
he says that he enjoyed it very much .
he says that he wants to settle down .
he shrank back in the face of danger .
he slammed the door right in my face .
he stood face to face with his enemy .
he threw away a bunch of old letters .
he took a quick look at the magazine .
he took his wallet out of his pocket .
he took out a dollar from his wallet .
he walked back and forth in the room .
he was absent from school for a week .
he was driving the car at full speed .
he was my best friend in high school .
he was wise not to participate in it .
he wasn't long in making up his mind .
he went from tokyo to osaka by plane .
he worked hard to save up some money .
heavy rains fell for more than a day .
her fiancé gave her a very big ring .
her name is known all over the world .
her passing the exam is a sure thing .
hey , what are you guys talking about ?
he ’ s shivering because of the cold .
how can you say such a foolish thing ?
how could you not tell me about this ?
how did they come by all that wealth ?
how did you come to know one another ?
how did you come up with that answer ?
how did you find out where tom lives ?
how do you like the climate of japan ?
how exactly am i supposed to do that ?
how long do you plan on staying here ?
how long have you been a doctor here ?
how long have you been out of prison ?
how many books do you read per month ?
how many cans of beer have you drunk ?
how many times did you see the movie ?
how much longer are we going to wait ?
how old was she when she got married ?
hurry up , and you'll catch the train .
i agree with you to a certain extent .
i agreed to split the money with tom .
i already know what i wanted to know .
i always think of him when i'm alone .
i always went to miami in the summer .
i am familiar with this part of town .
i am looking for room with twin beds .
i am sure that you will be satisfied .
i am the first musician in my family .
i bought the same camera as you have .
i can't afford to waste a single yen .
i can't agree with you on that point .
i can't believe i didn't think of it .
i can't decide what to eat for lunch .
i can't do my job without a computer .
i can't eat or drink very hot things .
i can't eat that much food by myself .
i can't find the address of my hotel .
i can't tell one twin from the other .
i cannot run because i am very tired .
i chanced to meet him at the airport .
i consider her to be an honest woman .
i could make nothing of what he said .
i could swim faster when i was young .
i could use some help in the kitchen .
i couldn't get him to leave me alone .
i decided to come to japan last year .
i did everything i could to stop tom .
i did not take anything from his bag .
i didn't even see you once last year .
i didn't get the point of his speech .
i didn't think it would be that much .
i don't agree with you on this point .
i don't ever want to leave this room .
i don't have anybody else to turn to .
i don't have anything to give to you .
i don't intend to leave it to chance .
i don't know how to thank you enough .
i don't know the name of that temple .
i don't know what i'd do without you .
i don't know what i'm supposed to do .
i don't know what he's trying to say .
i don't know which of you came first .
i don't know which of you is crazier .
i don't know why he quit the company .
i don't know why it's taking so long .
i don't know why you're all so angry .
i don't know why you're all so jumpy .
i don't know why you're all so upset .
i don't plan on being here that long .
i don't really like to talk about it .
i don't think i can do anything else .
i don't think i really matter to you .
i don't want to get my clothes dirty .
i don't want to get you into trouble .
i don't want to talk to anyone today .
i drank a glass of milk this morning .
i expect that tom will pass the exam .
i explicitly told tom not to do that .
i feel like i haven't slept for days .
i fell sound asleep before i knew it .
i felt my phone vibrate in my pocket .
i forgot to tell you my phone number .
i found it easy to find the building .
i found it easy to solve the problem .
i found it necessary to ask for help .
i found out how to solve the problem .
i get only five days off this summer .
i go to the dentist every second day .
i had a checkup the week before last .
i had a fantastic time at your party .
i had a really great time last night .
i had met her many times before then .
i had met him many times before then .
i had my watch repaired at the store .
i had no idea you could speak french .
i had no notion that you were coming .
i had to decide right then and there .
i hate being alone this time of year .
i hate the way the water tastes here .
i have a friend who can speak french .
i have a friend who lives in england .
i have a friend who lives in sapporo .
i have a large family to provide for .
i have an urgent matter to attend to .
i have been in japan for three years .
i have had quite enough of his jokes .
i have lunch at noon with my friends .
i have no more than one thousand yen .
i have nothing more to say about him .
i have nothing to do with that crime .
i have nothing to do with the affair .
i have nothing to say in this regard .
i have some numbness in my left hand .
i have some problems to take care of .
i have some things in the hotel safe .
i have to make sure everything is ok .
i have to part with my old furniture .
i haven't given the money to tom yet .
i haven't really made up my mind yet .
i hope the bus will come before long .
i hope you're not afraid of the dark .
i just don't feel that way about you .
i just don't know if i'm good enough .
i just don't know what to do anymore .
i just don't want to catch your cold .
i just got back from my morning swim .
i just want to finish this and leave .
i kind of expected you to come alone .
i know better than to lend him money .
i know that i should be sleeping now .
i know that this is important to you .
i know that you still think about me .
i left my tennis racket on the train .
i lied to my girlfriend about my age .
i like to read before going to sleep .
i looked at the calendar on the wall .
i made myself a cup of hot chocolate .
i made sure that no one was watching .
i managed to repair my car by myself .
i met her at the station by accident .
i need to know your answer by friday .
i never thought i'd have so much fun .
i never thought it would be this bad .
i never want to feel like this again .
i never wanted any of this to happen .
i only wish i could return the favor .
i opened an account at a nearby bank .
i planted an apple tree in my garden .
i prefer to go barefoot in the house .
i promise you i won't ever leave you .
i promised i wasn't going to do this .
i read at least one book every month .
i really don't want to talk about it .
i really have to get this done today .
i really love her older sister a lot .
i really want tom to stop doing that .
i remember when i was about your age .
i respect you for what you have done .
i spent all my money on stupid stuff .
i spoke to my uncle on the telephone .
i stuck with it until i was finished .
i suppose you have the right to know .
i think tom may be telling the truth .
i think maybe tom and mary should go .
i think my plan is better than yours .
i think she will succeed as a lawyer .
i think that it's going to rain soon .
i think that my german is really bad .
i think that's the right thing to do .
i think we still have plenty of time .
i think we'd better do what tom asks .
i think we've got it figured out now .
i think what tom did was very stupid .
i think what tom is doing is amazing .
i thought that would be a great idea .
i thought we could stay here all day .
i thought you had it all figured out .
i tried to learn the melody by heart .
i used to fish for hours on holidays .
i used to play tennis in high school .
i want a person who can speak french .
i want credit for the work i've done .
i want to buy a more expensive watch .
i want to know why tom couldn't come .
i want to know why you're doing this .
i want to make sure it's good enough .
i want to share my thoughts with you .
i want to talk to you about tomorrow .
i want to tell you about my problems .
i want you to come somewhere with me .
i want you to fly to boston tomorrow .
i want you to get started right away .
i was able to accomplish a lot today .
i was never so humiliated in my life .
i was scared that you might leave me .
i was the worst student in the class .
i was wondering if you could help me .
i went to europe by way of anchorage .
i went to the movies with my brother .
i will come to your country some day .
i will finish this work by 5 o'clock .
i will wait here until he comes back .
i wish you could be a little quieter .
i wonder how long it's going to take .
i wonder if what i wrote was correct .
i would like an air - conditioned room .
i would rather stay home than go out .
i'd like to ask a few more questions .
i'd like to find somebody to talk to .
i'd like to have ketchup on the side .
i'd like to introduce you to my wife .
i'd like to spend more time with you .
i'd like to talk with you in private .
i'd like to thank you all for coming .
i'll do everything you tell me to do .
i'll give you a good piece of advice .
i'll give you a piece of good advice .
i'll give you money if you need some .
i'll send someone up to help you now .
i'll teach you what you need to know .
i'm glad you could come to the party .
i'm going to be late for the meeting .
i'm going to head back to the office .
i'm going to need someone to help me .
i'm looking for a gift for my friend .
i'm not leaving the two of you alone .
i'm only doing what needs to be done .
i'm proud of the work i've done here .
i'm really not up on recent tv shows .
i'm so happy to finally be back home .
i'm sorry , i dialed the wrong number .
i'm sure he mistook me for my sister .
i'm sure it wasn't me who broke this .
i'm too short to reach the top shelf .
i'm used to tom always yelling at me .
i've never seen my cat act like that .
if all else fails , reboot the system .
if you don't know the answers , guess .
in 1975 , angola became a free nation .
in most cases , his answers are right .
is tom a common name in your country ?
is it harder to forgive or to forget ?
is there anybody who can drive a car ?
is there something i can get for you ?
it all started on a hot summer night .
it being sunday , the shop was closed .
it happened that i was in paris then .
it is amazing that you won the prize .
it is better to give than to receive .
it is certain that he will come here .
it is not going to rain this evening .
it looks like it's going to be sunny .
it looks like winter is here to stay .
it really annoys me when you do that .
it seemed that he was short of money .
it seems that no one knows the truth .
it takes time to heal from a divorce .
it took me several hours to write it .
it took me some time to persuade her .
it turned out that he was her father .
it was broad daylight when i woke up .
it was like something out of a movie .
it was made to look like an accident .
it was so cold that i couldn't sleep .
it was so cold that he was shivering .
it was the perfect moment for a kiss .
it won't be long before we can start .
it won't take long to finish the job .
it's a very good newspaper , isn't it ?
it's all right , i won't tell anybody .
it's easier to have fun than to work .
it's easy to cut cheese with a knife .
it's rare to find big yards in japan .
it's so easy when you know the rules .
it's unusual for him to get up early .
it's very hard to get along with him .
keep your dog chained up to the tree .
keep your hands where i can see them .
last winter , i went skiing in canada .
let me explain to you how this works .
let me know when you get the package .
let's go as soon as it stops raining .
let's leave as soon as tom gets here .
let's leave early in the morning , ok ?
let's take a chance and go for broke .
make a wish and blow out the candles .
many restaurants now have free wi - fi .
may i see your driver's license , sir ?
may i trouble you to shut the window ?
my doctor told me to give up smoking .
my father is to appear on tv tonight .
my father makes good use of his time .
my grandma injured her leg in a fall .
my house is on the outskirts of town .
my house was robbed while i was away .
my mom likes my brother more than me .
my mother is making my father a cake .
my younger sister didn't say " hello . "
needless to say , he never came again .
no one has heard tom say mary's name .
no one seems to listen to us anymore .
none of us plan to go swimming today .
now that we're alone , let's have fun .
on hearing the news , she turned pale .
on his shirt there was a sauce stain .
one of the apples fell to the ground .
our company has a long , long history .
our school library is small , but new .
please hurry . i don't have all night .
please say hello to your wife for me .
please write to me from time to time .
recently , i moved to a new apartment .
roll up your sleeves and get to work .
she advised him to come back at once .
she and i have been married 30 years .
she appears to have a lot of friends .
she argued with him and then hit him .
she asked him not to leave her alone .
she asked him to come into her house .
she asked him to give her some money .
she bought a new house the other day .
she died on a cold night in december .
she fell down and broke her left leg .
she had a good time talking with him .
she has this big room all to herself .
she kept me waiting for over an hour .
she laid her head down on the pillow .
she loves tom more than she loves me .
she needs him more than he needs her .
she offered her seat to an old woman .
she ordered him to clean up his room .
she picked up one of the glass vases .
she taught him how to play the piano .
she turned to the left at the corner .
she used to pray before going to bed .
she was almost knocked down by a car .
she was obliged to marry the old man .
she was too tired to keep on working .
she was watching tv when i came home .
she will give you what money she has .
she wore a red scarf around her neck .
she writes to her son every so often .
show me what you have in your pocket .
stand where you are or i'll kill you .
stop stalling and do what i told you .
suddenly , a good idea occurred to me .
thank you for all you've done for us .
thanks for showing me how to do that .
thanks to your help , i could succeed .
that cloud looks like a rabbit to me .
that was a pretty stupid thing to do .
that was just the tip of the iceberg .
that's enough . i don't want any more .
that's what i expected it to be like .
that's what i want most in the world .
the bus will be here in five minutes .
the car is old but in good condition .
the cat doesn't look happy to see us .
the ceiling is very low in this room .
the dictionary is of great use to me .
the dishes are piling up in the sink .
the doctor ordered me to stay in bed .
the dog is called spot by the family .
the length of this ship is 30 meters .
the man aimed a gun at the policeman .
the man was hiding in a dense forest .
the new tax law is full of loopholes .
the old woman got hurt when she fell .
the police told me not to leave town .
the problem is that we have no money .
the red hat goes well with her dress .
the roof is really in need of repair .
the roses are in bloom in our garden .
the royal palace was built on a hill .
the same is true of all human beings .
the shell of an egg is easily broken .
the soldier aimed his gun at the man .
the trouble is that we have no money .
there are a lot of people here today .
there are dirty dishes in the sink ­ .
there are twenty four hours in a day .
there has been no rain for two weeks .
there is a big hole in your stocking .
there is enough bread for all of you .
there used to be a hotel around here .
there was a mad rush toward the exit .
there was no money left in my wallet .
there's nothing i can do to help tom .
they didn't know what to do with him .
they had to read the book many times .
they just want an excuse to fire you .
they live in a city close to beijing .
they'll be so happy to have tom back .
this book isn't as heavy as that one .
this bus will take you to the museum .
this coat is nice , but too expensive .
this is a lot more fun than studying .
this is a portrait of my late father .
this is something i need to do alone .
this is the best camera in the store .
this is the boy who found your watch .
this is the key that opens that door .
this is the office in which he works .
this is the place where tom was born .
this is the village where i was born .
this kind of cat doesn't have a tail .
this tree is more than a century old .
those were the best years of my life .
those who know him speak well of him .
time's up . please pass in your exams .
tom advised mary to go to the police .
tom and mary make a very nice couple .
tom and mary used to be good friends .
tom and mary work in the same office .
tom asked mary to pass him the gravy .
tom asked mary why she had done that .
tom asked me if i liked chinese food .
tom ate what little food he had left .
tom banged his head on a tree branch .
tom called to say that he'll be late .
tom decided not to go to the meeting .
tom got out of prison after 30 years .
tom had a good reason for being late .
tom has a daughter who is a musician .
tom has a friend who lives in boston .
tom is hiding something from me , too .
tom is lying on the sofa watching tv .
tom is the most boring person i know .
tom is the newest member of our team .
tom is wearing a strange - looking hat .
tom knew that mary had done her best .
tom learned to dive when he was five .
tom pretended not to know what to do .
tom pushed back his chair and got up .
tom refused to take part in the game .
tom says that he's in love with mary .
tom screamed at the top of his lungs .
tom told me a good joke this morning .
tom told me he checked the oil level .
tom told me he didn't have much time .
tom was very happy when his team won .
tom's a nice guy . everyone likes him .
turn right at the end of that street .
unless you start now , you'll be late .
watch the rear . i'll watch the front .
we are faced with a host of problems .
we are subject to the laws of nature .
we don't have to talk about this now .
we have a reservation for six - thirty .
we have a small table in the kitchen .
we must achieve our aim at any price .
we must do away with these old rules .
we should save money for a rainy day .
we sought to come to terms with them .
we went to the park to take pictures .
we went up the mountain by cable car .
we were able to catch the last train .
we were just about to enter the room .
we will become happy in the long run .
we will get to tokyo station at noon .
we'll get on the airplane in an hour .
we'll soon learn all we need to know .
we'll try not to let it happen again .
we're going out for a meal on friday .
we've got a situation here , you know .
what do you think tom's shoe size is ?
what do you think is going to happen ?
what do you think of the new teacher ?
what do you want to eat this weekend ?
what else do you have in your pocket ?
what kind of food do you usually eat ?
what kind of shots did they give you ?
what makes you think tom can do this ?
what she said turned out to be false .
what time should i go to the airport ?
when did you get back from your trip ?
when was the last time i visited you ?
where do you get off telling me that ?
where is the bus stop for the museum ?
where was it that you found this key ?
who did you vote for in the election ?
who is the boy swimming in the river ?
who is the man sitting in the corner ?
why did you decide to buy this house ?
why didn't you tell me you were sick ?
why do you interrupt me all the time ?
why don't we go get something to eat ?
why don't you slow down a little bit ?
will you come with me to the concert ?
would you like to have lunch with me ?
would you like to join us for dinner ?
would you like to sit at the counter ?
you aren't afraid of ghosts , are you ?
you can borrow three books at a time .
you can have a ride on my motorcycle .
you can pour the wine into the glass .
you can spend the night at our place .
you can swim much better than he can .
you can't bury your head in the sand .
you can't do anything right , can you ?
you can't pull the wool over my eyes .
you don't have to wait until the end .
you don't need to do that right away .
you have a tendency to talk too fast .
you have caused me to lose my temper .
you have my number . call me sometime .
you have no right to oppose our plan .
you have too many books on the shelf .
you haven't heard the half of it yet .
you haven't seen tom today , have you ?
you may call on me whenever you like .
you must be more careful from now on .
you must get off at the next station .
you ought to know better at your age .
you said you were going to handle it .
you should go and have your hair cut .
you should have told it to me sooner .
you should start as early as you can .
you will soon come to like this town .
you're not a killer and neither am i .
you're not the first one to say that .
you're safe as long as you stay here .
you're wrong . that's not what i said .
you've done a pretty good job so far .
a big bridge was built over the river .
a dish can be spicy without being hot .
a gang of thieves broke into the bank .
a hammer was used to break the window .
a is the first letter of the alphabet .
a plastic dish will melt on the stove .
a smart dog never barks for no reason .
are there any cute boys in your class ?
are you doing what you think is right ?
are you getting much out of that book ?
are you going to write to your father ?
aren't you worried it might be a trap ?
as i entered the room , they applauded .
ask him if he will attend the meeting .
at what time did you hear the gunshot ?
be careful near the edge of the cliff .
brush your teeth at least twice a day .
can i borrow your eraser for a moment ?
can i call you back in twenty minutes ?
can you persuade him to join our club ?
can you promise me you won't tell tom ?
can you tell if it will rain tomorrow ?
can you tell me which button to press ?
can't we talk about it in the morning ?
can't you reach the book on the shelf ?
come and see me whenever you are free .
concerning this , i'm the one to blame .
could we have a table near the window ?
could you change these for me , please ?
do i have to attend the party tonight ?
do you also have this in other colors ?
do you believe in love at first sight ?
do you feel like going to the theater ?
do you have a book written in english ?
do you have a crowbar in your toolbox ?
do you have a flashlight i can borrow ?
do you have any plans for the weekend ?
do you have anything to do after that ?
do you have much snow in your country ?
do you know what your kids are eating ?
do you know which book sells well now ?
do you know why tom doesn't like mary ?
do you need me to repeat the question ?
do you remember when you last saw tom ?
do you think you and i are compatible ?
do you understand what i mean by that ?
do you want some sugar in your coffee ?
do you want to watch this movie again ?
does it hurt to get your ears pierced ?
does someone here know how to do this ?
don't ever talk to me like that again .
don't get off the train till it stops .
don't put all your eggs in one basket .
don't put your head out of the window .
don't worry . he knows what he's doing .
don't you think i know my own brother ?
from here on out , it's smooth sailing .
give me something i can cut this with .
go play outside . it's a beautiful day .
have you ever given money to a beggar ?
have you ever heard her sing on stage ?
have you ever known me to be mistaken ?
have you ever spoken to tom in french ?
have you ever tasted such a good soup ?
he added a little sugar to the coffee .
he always wants to have the last word .
he became brave in the face of danger .
he came at 3 o'clock in the afternoon .
he came back at about nine last night .
he claimed to be an expert in finance .
he didn't want to part with his house .
he doesn't like being told what to do .
he doesn't want to play with his toys .
he earns more money than he can spend .
he fainted in the midst of his speech .
he felt in his pocket for his lighter .
he forgot to come to see me yesterday .
he gave away all his money to charity .
he gets a haircut three times a month .
he got the first prize in the contest .
he had a queer expression on his face .
he had his arm broken during the game .
he had his pocket picked in the crowd .
he has a big restaurant near the lake .
he has a good record as a businessman .
he has a large basket full of flowers .
he has been secretly in love with her .
he has to have an operation next week .
he is a critic rather than a novelist .
he is a professor of english at leeds .
he is holding his books under his arm .
he is the fastest runner in our class .
he is working in the field of biology .
he left everything to her in his will .
he lost a fortune in the stock market .
he never pays attention to what i say .
he owes his success only to good luck .
he ran away when he saw the policeman .
he ran the risk of having an accident .
he said nothing , which made her angry .
he stayed at my place for three weeks .
he stayed in new york for three weeks .
he studies ten hours a day on average .
he threatened me , but i wasn't scared .
he tried in vain to solve the problem .
he turned pale the instant he saw her .
he usually fed his dog cheap dog food .
he wanted the cab driver to turn left .
he was angry because of what she said .
he was given the benefit of the doubt .
he was listening to music in his room .
he was too proud to accept any reward .
he will arrive by eight at the latest .
he writes to his parents once a month .
he'll run out of luck sooner or later .
he's been passing off my ideas as his .
helen keller was blind , deaf and dumb .
helen keller was blind , deaf and mute .
her reputation was hurt a lot by this .
her words were like those of an angel .
how come you didn't come to the party ?
how come you don't know your own name ?
how could you not give me the message ?
how do you usually decide what to eat ?
how long have you been waiting for me ?
how long will this cold weather go on ?
how many aunts and uncles do you have ?
how many books are there on the table ?
how many boys are there in this class ?
how many boys are there in your class ?
how many hot dogs have you sold today ?
how many people are likely to show up ?
how many people are on board the ship ?
how much money did you spend in total ?
how old is the oldest person you know ?
how old were you when you got married ?
i advise you to listen to your doctor .
i always got up early in my childhood .
i am free till 6 o'clock this evening .
i am glad that you have returned safe .
i am going to write a letter tomorrow .
i am sure of winning the tennis match .
i arrived too late to hear his speech .
i asked my mother what to bring there .
i can no longer find the vivendi file .
i can't agree with you on this matter .
i can't be bothered to go out tonight .
i can't get the door to shut properly .
i can't invite all my friends at once .
i can't reach things on the top shelf .
i can't recall her name at the moment .
i can't remember where i hid my money .
i can't walk because of my broken leg .
i cannot agree with you on the matter .
i come from a small town in australia .
i could feel the sand between my toes .
i could not help but state my opinion .
i couldn't let you take all the blame .
i cut the article out of the magazine .
i decided to ask for my friend's help .
i did everything i was supposed to do .
i didn't bring this topic up with her .
i didn't even get one letter from her .
i didn't expect that to come from you .
i didn't get even one letter from her .
i didn't know what i was getting into .
i didn't know you were looking for me .
i didn't plan on staying here so long .
i didn't see any children in the park .
i didn't think you would win the race .
i don't even know who has stolen what .
i don't feel like going out right now .
i don't have anything to do right now .
i don't have the authority to do that .
i don't have to do anything right now .
i don't have to go to school tomorrow .
i don't have to wear glasses any more .
i don't have to worry about my weight .
i don't intend to use this any longer .
i don't know anything about it at all .
i don't know how much money we've got .
i don't know how to express my thanks .
i don't know if they still live there .
i don't know why i bother coming here .
i don't mind even if she doesn't come .
i don't really want to see you suffer .
i don't think i can keep that promise .
i don't think tom did that on purpose .
i don't think anybody can help me now .
i don't think he can handle the truth .
i don't think you really want to know .
i don't want to cause you any trouble .
i don't want to drink too much coffee .
i don't want to go to school tomorrow .
i don't want to hear any more excuses .
i don't want to live with you anymore .
i don't want to talk about it further .
i don't want you hanging out with tom .
i don't want you two talking about me .
i doubt if he'll come to school today .
i feel guilty about having told a lie .
i feel like taking a day off tomorrow .
i felt the sweat trickle down my brow .
i find the sound of the rain relaxing .
i forgot to bring an umbrella with me .
i found it difficult to read the book .
i give you plenty of money each month .
i go to hiroshima three times a month .
i got the news from a reliable source .
i got this job with my teacher's help .
i guess you will be very busy tonight .
i had dinner with a friend last night .
i had nothing to do with that problem .
i had nothing to do with the accident .
i have a clear memory of my childhood .
i have a surprise for you , sweetheart .
i have an interest in cello and piano .
i have less and less time for reading .
i have mosquito bites all over my arm .
i have never seen her help her father .
i have not been studying for two days .
i have nothing to do with this matter .
i have read every book in the library .
i have simply nothing to say about it .
i have some questions i'd like to ask .
i have to change into my work clothes .
i have to get up quite early tomorrow .
i have to remember to mail the letter .
i have to tell her the truth tomorrow .
i haven't gotten over my bad cold yet .
i heard a dog barking in the distance .
i hope i can count on your discretion .
i just couldn't bring myself to do it .
i just don't want anybody to get hurt .
i just thought you might want to talk .
i just wanted to listen to some music .
i knew we should've tried to help tom .
i know tom really does care about you .
i know what it's like to be different .
i know you were in boston last summer .
i like spring the best of the seasons .
i love nara , particularly in the fall .
i love what you've done to this place .
i may have told you this story before .
i met her by accident on third avenue .
i must discuss that new plan with him .
i need some medicine to kill the pain .
i need the key to decode this message .
i never had the opportunity to use it .
i never thought it could happen to me .
i never thought it would happen to me .
i never thought we'd end up like this .
i prefer going out to staying at home .
i ran into your mother in the library .
i read the book from beginning to end .
i really hope things work out for you .
i really liked what you cooked for me .
i recognized her the moment i saw her .
i saw tom yesterday and he looked sad .
i saw a spider walking on the ceiling .
i shouldn't have done that . i'm sorry .
i sleep with two quilts in the winter .
i spent the whole day reading a novel .
i started doing this work 4 years ago .
i stayed at home instead of going out .
i stepped aside so that he could pass .
i still think this is the best choice .
i studied in boston from 2003 to 2007 .
i think i've persuaded tom to help us .
i think my girlfriend is kind of cute .
i think that you are twenty years old .
i think we ought to change our policy .
i think we should talk about this now .
i think we're going to need more time .
i think what tom is doing is terrific .
i think you should stay where you are .
i thought i might never see you again .
i thought i was doing the right thing .
i thought i'd died and gone to heaven .
i thought tom and mary were both dead .
i thought it sounded like a good idea .
i thought it was illegal to park here .
i thought we were going out to dinner .
i thought we weren't going to do this .
i thought you had learned that by now .
i thought you might feel the same way .
i thought you were going to stay home .
i thought you were having a good time .
i thought you were trying to be funny .
i truly didn't know you felt this way .
i used to play the guitar fairly well .
i want a better look at this document .
i want back what you've taken from me .
i want something to read on the train .
i want this fixed as soon as possible .
i want to apologize for the other day .
i want to ask you one simple question .
i want to devote my life to education .
i want to help you with your homework .
i want to know what you're doing here .
i want to make amends for my behavior .
i wanted to do something nice for you .
i wanted to watch that movie with you .
i was forced to drink against my will .
i was the one who built this doghouse .
i wasn't able to believe him at first .
i went out even though it was raining .
i will be expecting a letter from her .
i will have finished the work by noon .
i will speak to her about it directly .
i will stay home if it rains tomorrow .
i wish i knew what you're looking for .
i wish there was more i could've done .
i wish we could ask tom that question .
i won't repeat anything you say to me .
i wonder if he enjoyed the last match .
i wonder if it will clear up tomorrow .
i wonder what's going to happen to us .
i would give anything to win her back .
i would like to be an english teacher .
i would like to go to russia sometime .
i wouldn't like to work in a hospital .
i wouldn't want to work in a hospital .
i'd like a nonstop flight to new york .
i'd like to be considered for the job .
i'd like to be more than just friends .
i'd like to hear what your opinion is .
i'd like to help you reach your goals .
i'd like to know if they have arrived .
i'd like to reserve a table for three .
i'd like to speak with tom in private .
i'd like to stay here a little longer .
i'd like to talk to the hotel manager .
i'd like you to tell me what happened .
i'll do whatever it takes to save tom .
i'll take him with me to the hospital .
i'll take you anywhere you want to go .
i'm afraid i can't save you this time .
i'm going to give you one more chance .
i'm in pain every minute of every day .
i'm just looking for a place to sleep .
i'm not going to do anything about it .
i'm not in a position to discuss that .
i'm only doing this for your own good .
i'm only three years older than he is .
i'm sorry , but it's just not possible .
i'm sorry , but it's past your bedtime .
i'm sorry . i'm a stranger around here .
i'm too tired to think about that now .
i've been looking for my keys all day .
i've been waiting for her for an hour .
i've been waiting for him for an hour .
i've been waiting for you for 5 hours .
i've got to get back home by midnight .
i've got to skedaddle or i'll be late .
i've reduced the amount of meat i eat .
if you don't behave , santa won't come .
in case of emergency , call the police .
in some places , people died of hunger .
in which folder did you save the file ?
is there a souvenir shop in the hotel ?
is there anyone else who wants to eat ?
is there anything we could do to help ?
is there anything you want to tell me ?
is there somebody you want to talk to ?
is there something you want to ask me ?
isn ’ t love supposed to last forever ?
it couldn't have come at a worse time .
it depends on how much money you have .
it doesn't need to be done right away .
it has been many years since she died .
it is high time you spilled the beans .
it is necessary that you see a doctor .
it is not clear who wrote this letter .
it looks like we'll get there in time .
it really doesn't affect you , does it ?
it was a mess in the department store .
it was a very good experience for him .
it was nice and warm inside the house .
it was the proudest moment of my life .
it would be better to stay home today .
it's been a while since i've seen you .
it's been ten years since we last met .
it's going to be difficult to do that .
it's not safe to text while you drive .
it's very hard for me to trust anyone .
let's ask the boy who lives next door .
look at the map on the wall carefully .
man is the only animal that can laugh .
man is the only animal that can speak .
marriage is the last thing on my mind .
mary asked tom to shave off his beard .
mary took the cookies out of the oven .
mary wants both a career and a family .
mary was looking for you at that time .
maybe tom isn't as stupid as he looks .
money doesn't grow on trees , you know .
mother was very busy most of the time .
my baby began crying , asking for milk .
my daughter is to get married in june .
my father has been dead for ten years .
my friend said she bought a new watch .
my legs are getting better day by day .
my mother has gone to the beauty shop .
my mother said that she was all right .
my parents died when i was very young .
my sister has her hair done each week .
my uncle calls on me every three days .
my uncle died of cancer two years ago .
my uncle is staying with us this week .
nickel is a hard , bright silver metal .
not everybody was as lucky as we were .
our hens laid a lot of eggs yesterday .
pick out the shirt that you like best .
please hand this in at the front desk .
please show me the way to the station .
please tell me what i should do first .
please tell me what you know about it .
put it where children can't get at it .
she accused him of having lied to her .
she advised him not to drink too much .
she advised him not to drive too fast .
she advised him on what books to read .
she advised him to go to the hospital .
she baked bread and cakes in the oven .
she brags about how well she can cook .
she called up her mother on the phone .
she did nothing but cry all the while .
she didn't intend to let him kiss her .
she didn't want him to leave the room .
she eats lunch here from time to time .
she explained to him why she was late .
she gets up the earliest in my family .
she goes to the bookstore once a week .
she had a headache from lack of sleep .
she has a special way of making bread .
she helped the old man cross the road .
she hurt her elbow when she fell down .
she introduced me to him at the party .
she is not rich enough to waste money .
she lives a few blocks away from here .
she lost her temper and shouted at me .
she may realize later on what i meant .
she often goes to the movies with him .
she sat next him with her eyes closed .
she smiled at the sight of her mother .
she spends as much money as she earns .
she stood up and walked to the window .
she told him that her father had died .
she told him that she didn't love him .
she took the book back to the library .
she turned her old dress into a skirt .
she walked arm in arm with her father .
she was a bundle of nerves last night .
she was advised by him on that matter .
she was advised by him to be punctual .
she was advised by him to lose weight .
she was advised by him to work harder .
she was not interested in boys at all .
she went to the mall with her friends .
she wouldn't give him the time of day .
she's about the same age as my sister .
she's busy now and can't speak to you .
since he has ambitions , he works hard .
some parts of this city are very ugly .
sooner or later his luck will run out .
sooner or later , we'll know the truth .
sorry , i couldn't catch what you said .
take an umbrella . it's likely to rain .
take care of yourself . don't get sick .
tell her that i am treating a patient .
tell me again how much money you have .
tell me what i should be watching for .
tell me what you did on your holidays .
that's it . i've done everything i can .
that's not exactly what i had in mind .
that's not the way it happened at all .
that's why i didn't want to come here .
the chinese are a hard - working people .
the answer was staring me in the face .
the baby in the cradle is very pretty .
the boy carved his name into the tree .
the boy standing over there is my son .
the boys in the village laughed at me .
the boys were as nervous as the girls .
the button on your coat is coming off .
the dress in the window caught my eye .
the earth is far bigger than the moon .
the elevator seems to be out of order .
the family seemed to be under a curse .
the firm has its head office in osaka .
the girl was afraid of her own shadow .
the house with the green roof is mine .
the ice melted into a puddle of water .
the life span of a butterfly is short .
the main idea in his speech was unity .
the men's room is on the second floor .
the mere sight of a dog frightens him .
the new boss runs a really tight ship .
the next station is where you get off .
the old man tripped over his own feet .
the pain was more than he could stand .
the plane was late due to bad weather .
the police set out to solve the crime .
the poor child was born deaf and dumb .
the price of this camera is very high .
the prize will go to the best student .
the problem is how to raise the funds .
the ring was not to be found anywhere .
the robber aimed his gun at the clerk .
the shop was closed when i went there .
the streets of new york are very wide .
the tall man looked at tom and smiled .
the thief stubbed his toe on the door .
the town has changed a lot since then .
the town was defended by a large army .
the trip will take at least five days .
the trouble is that it costs too much .
the value of the dollar began to drop .
the water in this river is very clean .
there are few men who don't know that .
there are lots of animals in the park .
there are no new messages in my inbox .
there are too many people in the park .
there is a traffic jam on the highway .
there is an urgent need for new ideas .
there was almost no color in his face .
there was nothing i could do about it .
there were a few children in the room .
there were a lot of murders last year .
there's no need to go to school today .
there's no such thing as a free lunch .
there's not enough food for all of us .
they concluded that he had told a lie .
they don't have to go to school today .
they don't make 'em like they used to .
they have to live on his small income .
they lived on farms or in small towns .
they looked up to him as their leader .
they met for the first time in london .
they went into the woods for a picnic .
they went to the zoo by bus yesterday .
this book isn't as heavy as that book .
this bus will take you to the station .
this doesn't make much sense , does it ?
this hut is in danger of falling down .
this is a doghouse that i made myself .
this is the best restaurant i know of .
this is the key that opened that door .
this is the lady i spoke of yesterday .
this is the man i've been waiting for .
this is the village where he was born .
this is the worst book i've ever read .
this is what i've always wanted to do .
this place gives me a really bad vibe .
to my astonishment , my money was gone .
tom and i went there on our honeymoon .
tom and mary are playing a video game .
tom and mary went on a shopping spree .
tom asked mary to lend him some money .
tom can't even write his own name yet .
tom could do nothing but sit and wait .
tom didn't go to the lake last summer .
tom didn't know where to park his car .
tom doesn't know how to tie his shoes .
tom doesn't think that is a good idea .
tom gave mary the first piece of cake .
tom happens to be very good at french .
tom has a large closet in his bedroom .
tom has already spoken to me about it .
tom has lost a lot of weight recently .
tom has shoulder - length hair dyed red .
tom is going to do something about it .
tom is just trying to make ends meets .
tom is the captain of the soccer team .
tom is the fastest runner on our team .
tom kept mary waiting for a long time .
tom kissed mary and then went to work .
tom knew what mary was supposed to do .
tom knows he has no chance of winning .
tom may not come to our party tonight .
tom often comes to see me on weekends .
tom said that he didn't enjoy his job .
tom said that he feels like going out .
tom says he will never go there again .
tom says that he's too tired to study .
tom was the one who took this picture .
tom was thinking of going to new york .
tom washed the apple before he ate it .
tom went on a business trip last week .
tom wouldn't really do that , would he ?
we almost got them where we want them .
we ate cotton candy at the state fair .
we ate until we couldn't eat any more .
we can see the island in the distance .
we can't keep this up for much longer .
we could see the ship in the distance .
we don't have a vacancy at the moment .
we ended up not getting there on time .
we finally have you where we want you .
we got a little bored with each other .
we have a lot of earthquakes in japan .
we have ample time to catch our train .
we have never heard him sing the song .
we have no reason to change our plans .
we have two unused rooms in our house .
we haven't been able to get much help .
we need to be a little more efficient .
we ordered pink , but we received blue .
we pitched the tent next to the river .
we ran into each other at the airport .
we ran into each other at the station .
we saw the sun sink below the horizon .
we think too much and feel too little .
we thought his threat was only a joke .
we want to protect this world we have .
we were in danger of losing our lives .
we were not to blame for the accident .
we were tired out after our long walk .
we will begin the party when he comes .
we'll probably be away for a few days .
we're going to go into the other room .
we've got our own way of doing things .
we've had a lot of storms this winter .
whales are not fish . they are mammals .
what are you going to do this evening ?
what do you call this bird in english ?
what do you say to dining out tonight ?
what do you think of mary's new dress ?
what do you think of tom's new tattoo ?
what happens when we run out of water ?
what is that thing in your right hand ?
what is the theme of his latest novel ?
what kind of food do you usually cook ?
what kind of music does tom listen to ?
what makes you think i want your help ?
what makes you think we have a secret ?
what mileage do you get with this car ?
what time did you get up this morning ?
what time did you go to bed yesterday ?
what time do you get up every morning ?
what time will you get to the station ?
whatever you do , don't open that door .
whatever you do , don't pull this rope .
when are you planning to tie the knot ?
when did you see her dancing with him ?
when is this storm ever going to pass ?
where can i catch the bus for obihiro ?
where could i find someone to help me ?
where did you get all that money from ?
where did you have your new suit made ?
where did you learn to cook like this ?
where do you want us to start looking ?
where have you been the last few days ?
which do you prefer , spring or autumn ?
which ice cream shop are you going to ?
who was that you were just talking to ?
why didn't you come to ask me earlier ?
why didn't you get one before we left ?
why do you really want to lose weight ?
why don't we get our things and leave ?
why should we bother trying to fix it ?
will he come to the meeting next week ?
within hours , the world knew the news .
would you happen to know what this is ?
would you like to go shopping with me ?
would you like to go swimming with us ?
would you like to have dinner with me ?
would you like to play soccer with us ?
would you like to talk to the manager ?
would you mind if i changed seats now ?
would you mind taking a picture of us ?
you can't have left it at the airport .
you can't imagine doing that , can you ?
you can't keep treating me like a kid .
you can't pay too much for good shoes .
you can't teach an old dog new tricks .
you don't hear me complaining , do you ?
you don't know what tom is capable of .
you don't need to go to the dentist's .
you don't need to take your shoes off .
you have no one but yourself to blame .
you have no one to blame but yourself .
you have to begin as soon as possible .
you haven't given me what i asked for .
you know what might happen , don't you ?
you may pay in advance for your order .
you need to stop doing that right now .
you ought to have told me that before .
you probably don't want to talk to me .
you really are in trouble , aren't you ?
you should be out of here by tomorrow .
you should have a doctor look at that .
you should make good use of your time .
you understand what i mean , don't you ?
you want something from me , don't you ?
you will soon be convinced i am right .
you won't have to take charge of that .
you're not going to want to miss this .
you're not supposed to eat on the job .
you're not the only one that was hurt .
your daughter is not a child any more .
your death will not have been in vain .
your mother has made you what you are .
your sister cannot swim well , can she ?
a japanese would never do such a thing .
a day without laughter is a day wasted .
a dry spell accounts for the poor crop .
a general election will be held in may .
a new kind of bullet had been invented .
a wounded whale washed up on the beach .
a young girl was at the steering wheel .
after our first attack , the enemy fled .
after three drinks , the man passed out .
all my friends turned their back on me .
all of my relatives are taller than me .
all the doors of the house were closed .
all the people who were here have left .
always look on the bright side of life .
an american spoke to me at the station .
and who are you working for these days ?
apart from that , i don't know anything .
are there any cute girls in your class ?
are you going to be home for christmas ?
are you going to do something about it ?
are you happy with your new sports car ?
are you sure this is the right address ?
aren't you going to take your coat off ?
astronomy is by no means a new science .
at the next intersection , take a right .
atoms cannot be seen with your own eye .
be careful . this knife is really sharp .
both he and i are high school students .
boxers have to weigh in before a fight .
can you tell me what you're doing here ?
come early so we can discuss the plans .
could i have money for my piano lesson ?
could you cook this meat a little more ?
could you knock a little off the price ?
december is the last month of the year .
degas was born more than 150 years ago .
did you see a brown wallet around here ?
didn't you promise never to tell a lie ?
divide the cake among the three of you .
do you believe in the existence of god ?
do you have a date for valentine's day ?
do you have a recent photo of yourself ?
do you have many friends here in japan ?
do you know how my friends describe me ?
do you know how to pronounce this word ?
do you know where he bought his camera ?
do you know why this date is important ?
do you like caramel - flavored ice cream ?
do you need a hand with your suitcases ?
do you recognize the man in this photo ?
do you take me for a complete beginner ?
do you think mary's skirt is too short ?
do you think tom will like the concert ?
don't ask questions , just come with me .
don't do anything you don't want to do .
don't do it ! it's stupid and dangerous .
don't forget to take a camera with you .
don't knock it unless you try it first .
don't phone me while i'm at the office .
don't trust him no matter what he says .
don't you just hate this kind of movie ?
eating too much is bad for your health .
feeling chilly , i turned on the heater .
feeling the house shake , i ran outside .
few people live to be ninety years old .
general motors laid off 76 , 000 workers .
give my regards to your aunt and uncle .
good lumber is hard to find these days .
guess what i ate for dinner last night .
have there been any phone calls for me ?
have you brought your id card with you ?
have you ever seen a tiger around here ?
having nothing to do , he went downtown .
he became ever more famous as a critic .
he can only pay twenty dollars at most .
he carved a buddhist image out of wood .
he caused his parents a lot of anxiety .
he comes from a small but wealthy town .
he could not sleep because of the heat .
he doesn't have his feet on the ground .
he examined the spare parts one by one .
he fainted in the middle of his speech .
he felt sad because he lost his father .
he forgot that he bought her a present .
he gave the barking dog a vicious kick .
he gets a kick out of reckless driving .
he got lost while walking in the woods .
he has promised never to be late again .
he has something to do with the matter .
he is a member of the parish committee .
he is ashamed of his father being poor .
he is generally at home in the evening .
he is neither for nor against the plan .
he is richer than anybody else in town .
he is the head of the sales department .
he is the spitting image of his father .
he left the room without saying a word .
he lost his life in a traffic accident .
he needs to be the center of attention .
he often takes his children to the zoo .
he promised not to tell that to anyone .
he put his hand gently on her shoulder .
he responded to her offer with a laugh .
he saw there what he had dreamed about .
he seems to be involved in that matter .
he showed me a lot of beautiful photos .
he suggested that we take a short rest .
he took pictures of me with his camera .
he turned off all the lights at eleven .
he turned over the business to his son .
he turned pale when he heard that news .
he urged his government not to sign it .
he used to tell me stories about india .
he was advanced to the rank of general .
he was never to see his homeland again .
he was surprised at the sight of blood .
he was terribly poor when he was young .
he will provide you with what you need .
he will soon be past playing with toys .
he worked as a diplomat for many years .
he'd be the last one to disappoint you .
he's been waiting here for a long time .
he's the most popular boy in the class .
hello , is the accountant there , please ?
her blue shoes go well with that dress .
her friends waited for her by the gate .
her new novel has become a best seller .
her stern look got him to quit talking .
his brother is more patient than he is .
his essay was concise and to the point .
his name is known all over the country .
how about going for a walk after lunch ?
how about going to see a movie tonight ?
how come you didn't call me last night ?
how did tom convince mary to marry him ?
how did you end up being tom's manager ?
how do you know they're looking for us ?
how long are you planning to stay here ?
how long have you been living in tokyo ?
how many computers have you had so far ?
how many eggs are there in the kitchen ?
how many idioms have we studied so far ?
how many of them survived is not known .
how many of these things have you made ?
how many pieces of baggage do you have ?
how many rooms are there in your house ?
how many slices of meat would you like ?
how many times have you been to europe ?
how many years did tom spend in boston ?
how much time do we have before dinner ?
how much time do you spend on facebook ?
how soon can you have this dress ready ?
i accept , but only under one condition .
i actually think it's a very good idea .
i almost left my umbrella in the train .
i almost stepped on a skunk last night .
i always arrive a little ahead of time .
i am going to see the dentist tomorrow .
i am grateful to you for your kindness .
i am to take over my father's business .
i appreciate what you are trying to do .
i appreciate you trying to cheer me up .
i bet tom doesn't sleep a wink tonight .
i called my mother up from the station .
i can give you something for your pain .
i can remember the warmth of her hands .
i can't bear the thought of losing you .
i can't believe this is taking so long .
i can't distinguish a frog from a toad .
i can't put up with this noise anymore .
i can't remember how to spell her name .
i can't see anything with my right eye .
i can't stand to see animals be teased .
i could have done it without your help .
i could not sleep because of the noise .
i could really use a change in scenery !
i couldn't find what i was looking for .
i couldn't get the point of his speech .
i dislike living in such a noisy place .
i don't agree with your methods at all .
i don't care about any of those things .
i don't care if people think i'm weird .
i don't feel like going out these days .
i don't have a good feeling about this .
i don't have an alibi for monday night .
i don't have as much experience as you .
i don't know anybody here in this town .
i don't know either of the two sisters .
i don't know exactly when i'll be back .
i don't know how to pronounce his name .
i don't know what else i could've done .
i don't know what's the matter with me .
i don't know why i even bother anymore .
i don't like leaving the job half done .
i don't really want to talk about that .
i don't see how that could be possible .
i don't see how that would be possible .
i don't see what's so great about that .
i don't think i could live without you .
i don't think tom will ever forgive me .
i don't think you did this by yourself .
i don't think you should quit your job .
i don't understand what you want to do .
i don't want to talk about the weather .
i don't worry about that kind of stuff .
i feel like going to bed early tonight .
i felt somebody pat me on the shoulder .
i found it easy to answer the question .
i found nothing but a pair of scissors .
i found the photo you were looking for .
i get bored quickly in everything i do .
i guess that wouldn't mean much to you .
i had no idea this bracelet was stolen .
i hate everyone , and everyone hates me .
i have a lot of work still outstanding .
i have an appointment to dine with him .
i have had my hair cut shoulder length .
i have never drawn anything in my life .
i have something to talk over with you .
i have to pay more attention to myself .
i have to practice the piano every day .
i haven't had the honor of meeting him .
i haven't listened to any of his songs .
i hear it's buried under all that snow .
i hope tom and mary don't get arrested .
i hope you two are very happy together .
i hurried and managed to catch the bus .
i hurried so i wouldn't miss the train .
i just didn't want to take any chances .
i just figured out what the problem is .
i just wanted to see what would happen .
i knew it would happen sooner or later .
i knew there would be something to eat .
i knew you'd come back sooner or later .
i know more about you than you realize .
i know that i didn't do anything wrong .
i know the perfect place for our party .
i know the real reason for his absence .
i looked up the words in my dictionary .
i love the songs sung by kylie minogue .
i love what you've done with the place .
i made a deposit in the bank yesterday .
i met a man from boston this afternoon .
i more often go to brussels than paris .
i must visit my friend in the hospital .
i never imagined we'd end up like this .
i never thought i'd ever see you again .
i never thought it would end like this .
i object to being treated like a child .
i often played soccer when i was young .
i plan to try reading some other books .
i really don't want to talk about this .
i really need to talk to you privately .
i recall less and less of my childhood .
i should get back to writing my report .
i slipped and fell on the icy sidewalk .
i stayed longer than i thought i would .
i stopped so i could smoke a cigarette .
i studied for a while in the afternoon .
i suggest that you not wait any longer .
i suggest we put on some clean clothes .
i suppose i could wait a little longer .
i suppose you enjoy that sort of thing .
i think i'll go to boston next weekend .
i think tom could be persuaded to help .
i think tom is a little too optimistic .
i think it's about time we got started .
i think it's time we made some changes .
i think that i was followed by someone .
i think this medicine will do you good .
i think we should wait a little longer .
i think we're going to need more money .
i think you know who i'm talking about .
i think you sent me the wrong document .
i think you should check under the bed .
i thought tom died last year in boston .
i thought we weren't going to go there .
i thought you had more sense than that .
i thought you had somewhere else to be .
i thought you might want to come along .
i thought you'd want to meet my family .
i thought you'd want to see this movie .
i took sides with them in the argument .
i took the elevator to the third floor .
i translated the poem the best i could .
i try to travel with only one suitcase .
i used to dream about becoming a model .
i used to work in an electronics store .
i usually take a shower in the evening .
i usually went to the movies on sunday .
i want a jump rope with wooden handles .
i want to be worthy of your friendship .
i want to do some shopping around here .
i want to introduce you to some people .
i want to know more about your country .
i want to make a good first impression .
i want to send this by registered mail .
i want very much for you to understand .
i was able to answer all the questions .
i was at home almost all day yesterday .
i was born and brought up in matsuyama .
i was embarrassed when he talked to me .
i was hoping we could still be friends .
i was kept waiting nearly half an hour .
i was up all night writing this report .
i watched tv after i washed the dishes .
i will lend you whatever book you need .
i will send it by email this afternoon .
i wish i had listened to your warnings .
i wish tom could've been with us today .
i wish tom could've come to my concert .
i wish tom hadn't told mary about that .
i wish that i could give you something .
i wish there were more people like you .
i won't let anything bad happen to you .
i won't let you boss me around anymore .
i wonder what i should make for dinner .
i would like to visit new york someday .
i would like to work with your company .
i would rather stay here than go there .
i wouldn't wish that on my worst enemy .
i'd appreciate it if you could do that .
i'd be delighted if you'd come with me .
i'd better not tell you about that now .
i'd like a chance to make myself clear .
i'd like to ask you some questions now .
i'd like to do well on tomorrow's test .
i'd like to have another cup of coffee .
i'd like to thank you for coming today .
i'd rather stay home and sleep all day .
i'd suggest we don't go down that road .
i'll be home by midnight at the latest .
i'll be in tokyo on business next week .
i'll be in my office from ten tomorrow .
i'll finish it in two or three minutes .
i'll have to explain that to my father .
i'll keep my word , whatever may happen .
i'll show you the car i've just bought .
i'm afraid i can't finish them in time .
i'm afraid of not finishing it in time .
i'm afraid you'll have to go in person .
i'm glad i could be of some assistance .
i'm glad to hear that she is unmarried .
i'm never gonna let her live that down .
i'm not trying to make you feel guilty .
i'm sorry i didn't reply to you sooner .
i'm sorry if this is a stupid question .
i'm sorry , but can't answer right away .
i'm supposed to be the one helping you .
i'm the one who asked you the question .
i'm the one who brought the subject up .
i'm the one who should be thanking you .
i'm too tired to do anything right now .
i've already told tom i won't help him .
i've done some things i'm not proud of .
i've never had a friend quite like you .
if i told you , you wouldn't understand .
if only i'd been a little more careful !
if time permits , i'll visit the museum .
in haiti , there was a large earthquake .
in most cases , their answers are right .
in the end , they approved the proposal .
is there anything else you can tell me ?
is there something you want to tell me ?
isn't that what we were supposed to do ?
isn't that what you're here to tell us ?
it appeared that he meant what he said .
it couldn't have come at a better time .
it has suddenly gotten cold , hasn't it ?
it looks like you've got a green thumb .
it looks like you've lost a few pounds .
it may have rained a little last night .
it seems to me that something is wrong .
it took me two hours to reach yokohama .
it was his silence that made her angry .
it was impossible to pull out the cork .
it was not clear what she really meant .
it was summer and the weather was warm .
it would be nice if it stopped raining .
it's ok to take a picture from outside .
it's fairly mild for this time of year .
it's just down the street on your left .
it's quite natural for him to think so .
it's rare to meet nice people like you .
just do everything tom tells you to do .
leave me alone or i'll call the police .
let me introduce you to a good dentist .
let me put this in perspective for you .
let's go back before it begins to rain .
let's help him so that he will succeed .
let's just sit here a while and listen .
look at her putting on airs over there .
looks like we barked up the wrong tree .
make sure that the dog does not escape .
make sure you get a good night's sleep .
mary decided never to see him any more .
mary was given a raise by her employer .
mary went on a voyage around the world .
may i have your signature here , please ?
mention mexico , and tacos come to mind .
most experts think a lot of his theory .
my baby brother sleeps ten hours a day .
my big brother shared his cake with me .
my brother will often sit up all night .
my credit card was rejected by the atm .
my daughter will come of age next year .
my dog has been missing for three days .
my father does not always walk to work .
my father is a good speaker of english .
my father is not always free on sunday .
my father will soon be forty years old .
my mother baked a cake for my birthday .
my mother gets up early in the morning .
my mother is knitting me a new sweater .
my mother prepared me for the bad news .
my muscles were aching and i was tired .
my parents forbade me to see tom again .
my sister is not a high school student .
my sister is suffering from a bad cold .
my sister often takes care of the baby .
my success is largely due to your help .
my uncle isn't young , but he's healthy .
my younger brother is taller than i am .
never do anything just to show you can .
no one doubts her fitness for the post .
no one was supposed to know about that .
nobody knows why he turns down my help .
one of the bulls pushed the fence down .
one of the children left the door open .
only a handful of people know the fact .
paper napkins are sold in packs of ten .
presently the plan is still in the air .
raise your hand if you have a question .
raise your hand if you know the answer .
right at that instant , the bus stopped .
seven is believed to be a lucky number .
she advised him on how to stay healthy .
she advised him to cut down on smoking .
she advised him to take a long holiday .
she always urges him to try new things .
she asked them to take their shoes off .
she burst out laughing when she saw me .
she called him every bad name she knew .
she didn't want him to stay any longer .
she doesn't want to play with her toys .
she followed him home ; then killed him .
she gave him a sweater on his birthday .
she had a choice of going or remaining .
she had never been so proud of herself .
she has nothing to do with that affair .
she is a difficult person to deal with .
she is a student who studies very hard .
she is completely deaf in her left ear .
she is living in the middle of nowhere .
she is old enough to travel by herself .
she knew better than to argue with him .
she reminds me very much of her mother .
she said that she saw a suspicious man .
she sometimes takes a walk in the park .
she talked him into buying a new house .
she taught him the tricks of the trade .
she told him where to put the suitcase .
she used to help him with his homework .
she wants to know who sent the flowers .
she was a smith before she got married .
she was advised by him to stop smoking .
she was playing the piano at that time .
she was scared to death of her husband .
she worked hard in order to save money .
she's been in the hospital for a month .
she's busy now and can't talk with you .
solar energy is a new source of energy .
some believe in ufos and others do not .
suddenly , it started to rain very hard .
tell them to call me before they leave .
thank you for inviting me to the party .
that actually sounds like a lot of fun .
that child wants a friend to play with .
that is the fastest train in the world .
that joke he told really cracked me up !
that place is in the middle of nowhere .
that should only take me a few minutes .
that song reminds me of a certain girl .
that would be a waste of their talents .
that's my story and i'm sticking to it .
that's not exactly what i meant to say .
that's not how i want to be remembered .
the golden gate bridge is made of iron .
the best player of all times was pelé .
the boy was searching for the lost key .
the building that i saw was very large .
the changes are being made as we speak .
the cool air felt wonderful on my face .
the cost of gasoline keeps on going up .
the country is in a bad economic state .
the couple parted , never to meet again .
the crew were all waiting for the news .
the deal fell apart at the last minute .
the doctor arrived in the nick of time .
the dog answers to the name of blackie .
the door is locked at nine every night .
the earth is much larger than the moon .
the enemy kept up their attack all day .
the event is still fresh in our memory .
the first season of the year is spring .
the fugitive made a run for the border .
the huge tanker has just left the dock .
the leaves on the tree have turned red .
the man lit a cigarette with a lighter .
the man was ashamed of being born poor .
the man you saw yesterday was my uncle .
the missing cat has not been found yet .
the next step was to sign the document .
the only person who hasn't paid is you .
the only thing i have now are memories .
the policeman aimed his gun at the man .
the problem is we don't have much time .
the rich are different from you and me .
the town where i was born is beautiful .
the traveler stopped to ask me the way .
the two towns are separated by a river .
the war was finally brought to a close .
the whole class is present once a week .
the young man came running to meet her .
there are no dogs bigger than this one .
there are still many things left to do .
there are two cats sleeping on the bed .
there is a bird feeder in our backyard .
there is an urgent need for more money .
there is no doubt that he was murdered .
there is not much traffic on this road .
there must be something else we can do .
there was a castle here many years ago .
there was a tape recorder on the table .
there was little sugar left in the pot .
there wasn't even one book in the room .
there's a bus stop close to our school .
there's a garden in front of our house .
there's a lot of furniture in the room .
these are my shoes and those are yours .
they are both working at the pet store .
they are on good terms with each other .
they arrived in paris at the same time .
they called for an end to the fighting .
they don't make them like they used to .
they knew how much danger they were in .
they knew how much danger they'd be in .
they love to give parties all the time .
they shot the film in an actual desert .
they spent the entire day on the beach .
they were born one month apart in 1970 .
they were waiting for the gate to open .
they're both in love with the same guy .
they're here until the end of the week .
this dog is trained to smell out drugs .
this is a matter of the utmost gravity .
this is the biggest hotel in this city .
this is the dictionary i use every day .
this is the reason i disagree with you .
this is the worst thing i've ever done .
this letter was never meant to be sent .
this steak is as tough as shoe leather .
this time tomorrow , we'll be in boston .
those kinds of methods are out of date .
those old laws were all done away with .
to tell the truth , i completely forgot .
today , i met my new philosophy teacher .
tom and mary both shook their heads no .
tom and his friends went to the circus .
tom asked mary if she knew john's wife .
tom asked mary to play tennis with him .
tom asked mary who she was looking for .
tom asked mary why john was so unhappy .
tom blew all his money on a motorcycle .
tom challenged mary to a game of chess .
tom claimed to be an expert in finance .
tom couldn't eat solid food for a week .
tom did it with the best of intentions .
tom didn't want mary to move to boston .
tom doesn't drive as carefully as i do .
tom doesn't have the right to say that .
tom doesn't know how to drive a manual .
tom doesn't like being told what to do .
tom doesn't want to go to school today .
tom dried his hands with a small towel .
tom fainted at the sight of the needle .
tom got a call from someone named mary .
tom grew up in a small fishing village .
tom has to stay in boston this weekend .
tom is a close personal friend of mine .
tom is a security guard at the airport .
tom is the best roommate i've ever had .
tom is very good at playing the violin .
tom knew he'd just made a huge mistake .
tom looked at the painting on the wall .
tom made an emergency stop on the road .
tom showed up at just the right moment .
tom started to like mary more and more .
tom threw something at me and i ducked .
tom wasn't the one who borrowed my car .
tom's way of speaking got on my nerves .
we always have a party on his birthday .
we can't keep them in the dark forever .
we couldn't go out because of the rain .
we have a simple solution for all this .
we have enough time to catch the train .
we have something special for you , sir .
we liked the food , especially the fish .
we must cut our expenses to save money .
we need to be more realistic than that .
we need to get it done before tomorrow .
we ran off 50 copies of the invitation .
we saw the parade move down the street .
we used a barrel for a makeshift table .
we went out for a walk after breakfast .
we were excited as we watched the game .
we were very impressed by his new book .
we weren't even in boston at that time .
we will make an exception of your case .
we'll do everything we can to help you .
we're going to get in trouble for that .
we've known each other for a long time .
what could they possibly want us to do ?
what does this image make you think of ?
what have you been doing all this time !
what is the difference between a and b ?
what is the main industry in this town ?
what kind of things do you enjoy doing ?
what shall we buy him for his birthday ?
what time do you think he'll come back ?
what was the first concert you went to ?
what was the first song you ever wrote ?
what we should do next is the question .
what year of medical school are you in ?
when are you going to leave for london ?
where can i pick up my airplane ticket ?
where can you get the best fresh bread ?
which do you prefer , apples or bananas ?
which is the more expensive of the two ?
who is the gentleman he is speaking to ?
who will play the role of the princess ?
who's going to drive me to the airport ?
why did you have to go snooping around ?
why didn't you tell me that last night ?
why didn't you tell this to the police ?
why do you dislike his way of speaking ?
why don't you put your clothes back on ?
why isn't there any money in my wallet ?
will you show me your passport , please ?
without your help , i would have failed .
women seem to like him for some reason .
won't you come and see me this weekend ?
won't you come to my house next sunday ?
would you bring me another one , please ?
would you like to come over for dinner ?
would you like to hear the parrot talk ?
you can always depend upon her to help .
you can have breakfast between 7 and 9 .
you can use a dictionary for this exam .
you can't keep talking to me like this .
you can't pay someone to sleep for you .
you can't see the forest for the trees .
you don't have to stay in the hospital .
you don't want to be late for practice .
you had better give up smoking at once .
you knew this would happen , didn't you ?
you look like you're about to throw up .
you made the same mistake as last time .
you may bring your own lunch to school .
you may choose either of the two books .
you must realize that i can't help you .
you need to be more attentive in class .
you should buy her a gift card instead .
you should not be afraid of the future .
you shouldn't stay up so late at night .
you think i don't know what's going on ?
you were drunk last night , weren't you ?
you weren't married for long , were you ?
you will find this in a hardware store .
you'd better make sure that it is true .
you're going to have to deal with that .
you're not leaving until i say it's ok .
you're the first person i told that to .
your dream may come true at any moment .
your question is hard for me to answer .
a bunch of people died in the explosion .
a doctor should never let a patient die .
a drunken man was sleeping on the bench .
a field of grass can be quite beautiful .
a lot of books are published every year .
a number of tickets are sold in advance .
a storm kept the ship from leaving kobe .
africa is a continent ; greenland is not .
all four of the boys didn't have alibis .
all he is thinking about is meeting her .
all of a sudden the sky became overcast .
all our children go to school in boston .
are you still planning to quit your job ?
are you sure we're allowed to swim here ?
are you sure you have the right address ?
aren't you glad you didn't go to boston ?
as a last resort , read the instructions .
be at the train station at eleven sharp .
believe me , that excuse ain't gonna fly .
boys don't like girls who talk too much .
but his name is slightly familiar to me .
can i give you a little friendly advice ?
can i use this area to raise vegetables ?
can you elaborate on this a little more ?
can you point me in the right direction ?
can you tell me a little about yourself ?
can you tell me where the restrooms are ?
cats can see things even when it's dark .
children begin school at the age of six .
combine all the parts to make one piece .
could you just turn around for a second ?
could you please bring me a clean knife ?
could you please not smoke in this room ?
did she mention the results of the exam ?
did you do something new with your hair ?
did you go to tom's party last saturday ?
did you take him back to your apartment ?
dinosaurs died out a very long time ago .
dissolve the tablet in a glass of water .
do not throw anything out of the window .
do stop talking and listen to the music .
do you have a similar proverb in french ?
do you have any idea what you're saying ?
do you have enough information to go on ?
do you have time the day after tomorrow ?
do you think i'm qualified for that job ?
do you think this book is worth reading ?
doctors take an oath not to harm anyone .
don't forget to ask follow - up questions .
don't forget to include me in the count .
don't forget we have to do our homework .
don't laugh at him for making a mistake .
don't let such a good opportunity go by .
don't make a mountain out of a molehill .
don't put the saddle on the wrong horse .
don't stick your hand out of the window .
don't you feel like going to the movies ?
don't you think tom and john look alike ?
each member has to pay a membership fee .
eating fast food is bad for your health .
either they don't want to or they can't .
english is spoken in a lot of countries .
english is taught in a lot of countries .
finding a good place to live isn't easy .
frankly speaking , i don't like the idea .
from space , the earth looks quite small .
give me a couple minutes to get dressed .
hasn't he looked at himself in a mirror ?
have you ever been betrayed by a friend ?
have you ever been stuck in an elevator ?
have you ever been to a foreign country ?
have you ever taken a lie detector test ?
have you really already found a new job ?
he arrived at the station out of breath .
he asked me who had painted the picture .
he ate up the steak and ordered another .
he declined the job - offer very politely .
he did not intend to hurt your feelings .
he didn't want to talk about it further .
he doesn't earn enough money to live on .
he doesn't go to the office on saturday .
he drew a straight line with his pencil .
he explained in detail what he had seen .
he expressed his opinion in a few words .
he had bruises all over after the fight .
he had his car stolen in broad daylight .
he had no particular reason to go there .
he had the courage to decline the offer .
he has a good chance of getting elected .
he has been living here these ten years .
he has been living in ankara since 2006 .
he has done many things for poor people .
he has gone to osaka on urgent business .
he has never been scolded by his father .
he has since taken to drinking at lunch .
he has the habit of scratching his head .
he is always on time for an appointment .
he is fortunate having such a good wife .
he is inclined to argue at great length .
he is now in a very difficult situation .
he is what we call a walking dictionary .
he isn't the only one with this opinion .
he looked up the word in his dictionary .
he lost his son in the traffic accident .
he possessed a large house and two cars .
he read the article over and over again .
he remembers to write to her every week .
he retired to his own room after supper .
he ripped up all her letters and photos .
he sacrificed his own life to save them .
he sent a letter addressed to his uncle .
he served in the house for twelve years .
he still says that he did nothing wrong .
he stretched out his arm for a magazine .
he traveled with only a dog for company .
he turned his back on the old tradition .
he waited for the elevator to come down .
he wanted to be a great military leader .
he was a member of the republican party .
he was destined never to meet her again .
he was easily able to solve the problem .
he was not conscious of his own mistake .
he was sentenced to three years in jail .
he was the only witness of the accident .
he will walk in the park this afternoon .
he wrote a novel based on ancient myths .
he's not the brightest guy in the world .
he's sure that he'll pass the next exam .
her shyness makes me like her even more .
her success as a singer made her famous .
his speech made a good impression on me .
his success was mostly due to good luck .
his wife goes with him wherever he goes .
how are you going to solve this problem ?
how did such a strange thing come about ?
how do they want to receive their money ?
how do they wish to receive their money ?
how do we upload photos to your website ?
how long do you study english every day ?
how long has it been since your divorce ?
how many classes do you have on mondays ?
i already told you that a hundred times .
i am far from satisfied with the result .
i am thinking of going abroad next year .
i am thinking of going to the mountains .
i arrived too late and missed the train .
i assure you tom will be perfectly safe .
i became aware of someone looking at me .
i believe what is written in her letter .
i can trace my ancestors back 200 years .
i can't believe this is happening to us .
i can't believe what an idiot i've been .
i can't help but feel a little relieved .
i can't help feeling sorry for the girl .
i can't tell him apart from his brother .
i can't understand what you said at all .
i cannot distinguish a frog from a toad .
i could hear her sobbing in her bedroom .
i could not come to your birthday party .
i could smell the alcohol on his breath .
i couldn't bring myself to take the job .
i didn't actually want to go to college .
i didn't even know tom had a girlfriend .
i didn't think boston would be this hot .
i don't anticipate that to be a problem .
i don't believe this is happening to me .
i don't care whether he leaves or stays .
i don't feel that way about you anymore .
i don't get what the author means there .
i don't know how many minutes we've got .
i don't know how to interpret his words .
i don't know the reason for her absence .
i don't like being treated like a child .
i don't like your coming late every day .
i don't make deals with people like you .
i don't need your permission to do this .
i don't talk about you behind your back .
i don't think it's necessary to do that .
i don't think that tom can speak french .
i don't usually eat at places like this .
i don't usually have to work on sundays .
i don't usually write this kind of song .
i don't want to talk about this anymore .
i dreamed i had been abducted by aliens .
i dreamed that i was buying this guitar .
i enjoyed talking with him at the party .
i feel worse today than i did yesterday .
i found it difficult to use the machine .
i gave each child three pieces of candy .
i guess i didn't want to disappoint you .
i guess i just like making people happy .
i had a small dinner party last weekend .
i had my birthday party at a restaurant .
i had never seen a more beautiful sight .
i had nothing to do with that situation .
i had that weird dream again last night .
i had the brakes of my bicycle adjusted .
i have been living here for three years .
i have never seen such a beautiful girl .
i have no words to express my gratitude .
i have not more than three thousand yen .
i have something in my suitcase for you .
i have to buy flowers for my girlfriend .
i have to reduce my expenses this month .
i haven't gotten around to doing it yet .
i hope you behaved well at school today .
i hope you find what you're looking for .
i just read about that in the newspaper .
i just want an affordable place to live .
i knew i shouldn't have worn this color .
i know you considered me a close friend .
i lent her 500 dollars free of interest .
i like fruit such as grapes and peaches .
i like listening to tom play the guitar .
i like what you've done with this place .
i like white roses better than red ones .
i look forward to hearing from you soon .
i nearly fainted when i heard the story .
i never expected that she would join us .
i never imagined i'd be working for you .
i never thought i'd be doing this alone .
i never thought i'd see your face again .
i never thought it would be so exciting .
i often meditate on the meaning of life .
i really can't deal with that right now .
i really didn't mean for this to happen .
i really don't think that's a good idea .
i really don't want to be alone tonight .
i regret missing the chance to meet her .
i shouldn't have to ever come back here .
i squeezed the juice out of the oranges .
i strongly urge you to follow my advice .
i suggested that the meeting be put off .
i sure wish i could speak french better .
i think tom wants something to write on .
i think this is what you're looking for .
i think we need to postpone the meeting .
i think we should talk about this later .
i think we're going on vacation in june .
i think we've wasted enough of our time .
i think what tom is doing is worthwhile .
i think you know what i'm talking about .
i think you should open an account here .
i think your english has improved a lot .
i thought i'd never see you alive again .
i thought tom had a soccer game tonight .
i thought we were going to go somewhere .
i thought you said tom needed more time .
i thought you were a decent young woman .
i told an amusing story to the children .
i told her to quickly finish the report .
i took for granted that he got homesick .
i took over the business from my father .
i tried calling , but they didn't answer .
i tuck my children into bed every night .
i want to find someplace quiet to study .
i want to get married and have children .
i want to make friends with your sister .
i want to visit cuba before castro dies .
i want you to know what really happened .
i wanted to talk to you about something .
i was afraid of what people would think .
i was arrested for aiding in his escape .
i was careful to not leave any evidence .
i wasn't expecting you to be here today .
i will have left here before you return .
i wish we could settle this like adults .
i won't make the same mistake next time .
i wonder if it really was a coincidence .
i wonder why women live longer than men .
i would consider boston a very big city .
i would hate to become just a housewife .
i would like to marry somebody like her .
i would rather go out than stay indoors .
i wouldn't dream of letting you do that .
i wouldn't want anyone to read my diary .
i wrote to him for quite another reason .
i'd appreciate it if you'd come with me .
i'd like nothing better than to do that .
i'd like to discuss this with your boss .
i'd like to have your answer right away .
i'd like to talk to you about something .
i'd rather stay at home than go fishing .
i'll explain the matter to you later on .
i'll tell you anything you want to know .
i'll tell you whatever you want to know .
i'll try not to make mistakes next time .
i'm afraid i didn't explain it too well .
i'm beginning to get used to doing this .
i'm going to have to change my schedule .
i'm going to stay here for several days .
i'm happy to see so many friendly faces .
i'm no better at cooking than my mother .
i'm not stupid enough to lend him money .
i'm old enough to make my own decisions .
i'm pretty sure that tom didn't do that .
i'm proud to be working on this project .
i'm sorry i opened your mail by mistake .
i'm sorry i've kept you waiting so long .
i'm sorry that i can't meet you tonight .
i'm sorry that i've made you so unhappy .
i'm sorry to cause you all this trouble .
i'm starting to get used to living here .
i'm used to being ignored by my parents .
i've been going out with her for months .
i've been put in charge of this project .
i've done some stupid things in my life .
i've given this a great deal of thought .
i've got a funny feeling about that guy .
i've got mosquito bites all over my arm .
i've got to talk to you about something .
i've never been in trouble with the law .
i've never had a friend like you before .
i've never trusted him and i never will .
i've never trusted you and i never will .
i've worked as a waiter for three years .
in autumn , leaves change color and fall .
in autumn , the moon is really beautiful .
in my opinion , this is quite unsuitable .
is aggression natural , or is it learned ?
is there a washing machine in the house ?
is there anything else you want from me ?
is there anything else you want to know ?
is there anything that i should not eat ?
is your school far away from your house ?
it appears that he will win first prize .
it did not last more than three minutes .
it hardly ever snows here in the winter .
it is necessary for you to stop smoking .
it is necessary for you to study harder .
it is now necessary to add another rule .
it is strange that you should know that .
it seems that the store is closed today .
it seems that they took the wrong train .
it was believed that the earth was flat .
it wasn't any bigger than a soccer ball .
it will not be long before spring comes .
it'd be better if you didn't come today .
it's because of you that i'm an invalid .
it's getting dark . you'd better go home .
it's high time the children went to bed .
it's my duty to protect you from danger .
it's too dangerous for you to stay here .
it's two miles from here to the station .
let's decide on the date for the picnic .
let's go somewhere quiet so we can talk .
let's handle this one problem at a time .
life without love has no meaning at all .
mary has been dyeing her hair for years .
mary is the prettiest girl in her class .
mother placed a large vase on the shelf .
my brother gave me a charming baby doll .
my brother is eight years older than me .
my cat likes to look through the window .
my doctor advised me to give up smoking .
my eyes are very sensitive to the light .
my father abandoned me when i was young .
my father and i played tennis on sunday .
my father doesn't lift a finger at home .
my glasses started to slip down my nose .
my grandfather is a bit hard of hearing .
my gums bleed whenever i floss my teeth .
my mother has been dead these ten years .
my son can already count to one hundred .
my wife is always finding fault with me .
no one uses that kind of weapon anymore .
nobody can get along with such a person .
none of the old trees survived the fire .
one mouse is running around in the room .
only time will tell you if you're right .
our car is three years older than yours .
our children all go to the local school .
our destination is still a long way off .
our house was robbed while we were away .
our new teacher is fresh out of college .
please check all the items on this list .
please feel free to ask me any question .
please say hello to your parents for me .
push this button and the door will open .
red - haired people tend to have freckles .
remind me that the meeting is on monday .
science begins when you ask why and how .
she advised him to fasten his seat belt .
she advised him to stop working so much .
she and i usually have the same opinion .
she arrived when we were about to leave .
she asked me how many languages i spoke .
she asked me if anything was the matter .
she does not have many friends in kyoto .
she doesn't have any children , does she ?
she found it dull living in the country .
she got married at the age of seventeen .
she had a daughter by her first husband .
she had something to talk over with him .
she had to rely upon her inner strength .
she has a comfortable income to live on .
she has been unhappy since her cat died .
she is no less charming than her sister .
she is now staying at her uncle's house .
she is often late for school on mondays .
she knit him a sweater for his birthday .
she knows better than to argue with him .
she learned to ride a bicycle last year .
she left the room without saying a word .
she lent them a hand with their luggage .
she lives with him in a small apartment .
she looks happiest when she is with him .
she plans to stay at the oriental hotel .
she said he would be sixteen next month .
she spread a beautiful cloth on a table .
she threatened to set our house on fire .
she tore the letter up after reading it .
she wanted to live a more relaxing life .
she was on the verge of killing herself .
she was so tired that she couldn't walk .
she was surprised that it was that late .
she wasn't able to contact him by phone .
she whispered to me that she was hungry .
she will be happy when she gets married .
speech is silver , but silence is golden .
sputnik was launched on october 4 , 1957 .
take this medicine when you have a cold .
tell us the story from beginning to end .
texas is nearly twice as large as japan .
thank you for helping me cross the road .
thank you for helping me reach my goals .
that might depend on your point of view .
that painting has started to grow on me .
that story is too incredible to be true .
that was going to be my next suggestion .
that's more recent than you think it is .
that's pretty much all you need to know .
that's the eject button . don't touch it .
the americans did not like the new plan .
the dna test cleared him of all charges .
the president spoke to the nation on tv .
the apples he sent to me were delicious .
the bear is quite tame and doesn't bite .
the boy has been sleeping for ten hours .
the bridge was washed away by the flood .
the house that tom built is really nice .
the influence of tv on society is great .
the job is not suitable for young girls .
the jury found the man guilty of murder .
the leaves began to turn red and yellow .
the leaves of the trees have turned red .
the light is changing from red to green .
the old bridge is in danger of collapse .
the players on this team are all giants .
the point of the pencil has become dull .
the road is straight for over ten miles .
the scientists looked at tree - ring data .
the seventh day of the week is saturday .
the thief was handed over to the police .
the tickets i bought are non - refundable .
the truth finally came out at his trial .
the two generals met again the next day .
the victim died at a hospital in boston .
the whole world was involved in the war .
the work has to be finished before noon .
the young couple ate off the same plate .
the young man driving the car was drunk .
there are a lot of earthquakes in japan .
there are many people who don't like me .
there are only three girls in the class .
there are plenty of oranges on the tree .
there is almost no water in this bottle .
there is an urgent need for peace talks .
there is little wine left in the bottle .
there is no reason why he should resign .
there is no telling when they will come .
there was a food fight in the cafeteria .
there were a hundred people in the hall .
there's a lot of furniture in this room .
there's more to this than meets the eye .
there's no point in asking me for money .
these are the people who live next door .
they did not feel like playing any more .
they hoped for even better days to come .
they live in that house among the trees .
they needed to trade with them for food .
they sat around the table to play cards .
they were all surprised to see me there .
they won't allow us to enter the garden .
they're both in love with the same girl .
they're going to have a party next week .
this book is available at one shop only .
this hotel is better than the other one .
this is really delicious soup , isn't it ?
this is the church where we got married .
this is the doghouse that i made myself .
this is the fastest car in our showroom .
this is the hospital where tom was born .
this is the shortest way to the station .
this kind of thing happens all the time .
this melon will be good to eat tomorrow .
this river is very dangerous to swim in .
this shop has more candy than that shop .
this should be done as soon as possible .
this smells great ! what are you cooking ?
this ticket entitles you to a free meal .
those were the saddest hours of my life .
to make matters worse , it began snowing .
to my knowledge , she hasn't married yet .
tokyo is a very expensive place to live .
tom and mary both have very few friends .
tom and mary were both arrested in 2013 .
tom asked me if anything was the matter .
tom bought a couple of cans of tomatoes .
tom broke his leg in a cycling accident .
tom can come back here anytime he wants .
tom can speak german as well as english .
tom claims he shot mary in self defense .
tom comes here about three times a year .
tom cries every time he hears this song .
tom cut down the tree with his chainsaw .
tom didn't have time to read the report .
tom didn't know what mary wanted to buy .
tom doesn't know what mary wants to eat .
tom doesn't know where mary wants to go .
tom doesn't like to talk about his past .
tom doesn't want to get his hands dirty .
tom had never been late for work before .
tom has been growing a beard all summer .
tom has changed a lot since high school .
tom has known mary for over three years .
tom has lived in boston for three years .
tom has more than thirty pairs of shoes .
tom has two brothers who live in boston .
tom is old enough to decide for himself .
tom is the spitting image of his father .
tom is very difficult to get along with .
tom knew mary wouldn't let him kiss her .
tom left everything to mary in his will .
tom left the room without saying a word .
tom likes to watch baseball games on tv .
tom needed more time to finish his work .
tom often talks to his parents on skype .
tom put a hand on mary's right shoulder .
tom said he didn't want to eat anything .
tom said he'd rather not see that movie .
tom said that it was just a coincidence .
tom says he has an announcement to make .
tom says he wants a puppy for christmas .
tom spends all his time on the computer .
tom was lucky that he didn't get killed .
tom was probably drunk when he did that .
tom will move out of his parents' house .
we are measuring the depth of the river .
we are working in the interest of peace .
we can't hold the enemy off much longer .
we can't just leave tom here by himself .
we can't just sit around and do nothing .
we could see enemy ships on the horizon .
we have a parking lot for the customers .
we have no further details at this time .
we have nothing to fear but fear itself .
we haven't had to deal with this before .
we hurried in the direction of the fire .
we listened to his lecture on the radio .
we must avoid war by all possible means .
we need a password to use this computer .
we ought to be ready for whatever comes .
we probably don't want to do that again .
we saw the film and had dinner together .
we seized the town after a short battle .
we started a band because we were bored .
we still have enough time to discuss it .
we were all wondering why you were late .
we were worried we might miss the train .
we're both planning to be at your party .
we're going out to get something to eat .
we're going to need your help after all .
we've been eating a lot of beans lately .
wear warm clothes or you could get sick .
what he says sounds very sensible to me .
what is the address of the new bookshop ?
what is the purpose of the stock market ?
what is your ultimate goal in your life ?
what on earth do you think you're doing ?
what part of australia do you come from ?
what they wanted was a man like himself .
what time do you usually leave for work ?
what you are saying does not make sense .
what's that thing you have in your hand ?
whatever you do , don't push that button .
when the lion roars , the zebras tremble .
when was the last time you bought shoes ?
where did you work before you came here ?
where in europe would you like to visit ?
wherever you may go , you'll be welcomed .
whether he will come at all is doubtful .
which of the composers do you like best ?
who do you think you're talking to here ?
whose turn is it to make dinner tonight ?
why can't you be more like your brother ?
why don't you tell me what you remember ?
why haven't you eaten the food i cooked ?
why was i the only one asking questions ?
will they elect him for four more years ?
will you sing some english songs for us ?
without your help , i would have drowned .
workers at the company went on a strike .
would you like to play tennis on sunday ?
would you like to sleep a little longer ?
would you please wait for a few minutes ?
wouldn't you like to get some fresh air ?
you are holding my hand in that picture .
you are not supposed to smoke at school .
you are welcome to do anything you like .
you can improve your english if you try .
you can't go against the laws of nature .
you can't just walk away from this mess .
you can't put off doing that any longer .
you cannot take back what you have said .
you had better put on your crash helmet .
you have a very logical way of thinking .
you have as much right as everyone else .
you have no idea how distressed she was .
you have to judge the case without bias .
you must be careful with the wine glass .
you need to pay extra for the batteries .
you should wash fruit before you eat it .
you were at home yesterday , weren't you ?
you will have to study harder next year .
you'll have to study harder from now on .
you're a very sensitive guy , aren't you ?
you're going to have to stop doing that .
you're mistaken . that's not what i said .
you're scared of being hurt , aren't you ?
you're the only person that i can trust .
you've got a bright future ahead of you .
a boat suddenly appeared out of the mist .
a lot of birthday cards will arrive soon .
a man shouted something , waving his hand .
a severe ocean storm hit the west indies .
a teacher must be fair with his students .
a third of the earth's surface is desert .
about how many english words do you know ?
absence of rain caused the plants to die .
after eating dinner , i washed the dishes .
after eating supper , i washed the dishes .
after the war , britain had many colonies .
after their quarrel , she called it quits .
all i wanted was a little more attention .
all the flowers in the garden are yellow .
all the leaves on the tree turned yellow .
almost no one thinks that we are sisters .
anything you say can be used against you .
anything you say may be used against you .
are you going to go anywhere this summer ?
are you sure we can't repair this camera ?
are you wondering what we ended up doing ?
ask him whether they still live in tokyo .
better a broken promise than none at all .
business failures are down 10 % this year .
can i get a connecting flight to atlanta ?
can you remember the first time you swam ?
can you still remember when we first met ?
can you supply me with everything i need ?
check up on the accuracy of this article .
could this be the start of something big ?
could you bring my breakfast to room 305 ?
didn't you know that oil floats on water ?
dinner will be served on board the plane .
do you have an airplane ticket back home ?
do you have any knowledge of this matter ?
do you know anyone who's not on facebook ?
do you mean you don't know what happened ?
do you really want to stay young forever ?
do you remember what you did last friday ?
do you still believe i killed my brother ?
do you want me to paint your fingernails ?
does someone have the exact time , please ?
does this mean you're not coming to help ?
don't let the grass grow under your feet .
don't lose sight of what you're here for .
don't open the door till the train stops .
don't take me seriously . i'm only joking .
don't talk about work . we're on vacation .
even an expert driver can make a mistake .
everybody in the village looks up to him .
everybody seems to be having a good time .
everyone looked at him like he was crazy .
few people can buy such an expensive car .
fools rush in where angels fear to tread .
frankly speaking , i don't like your idea .
german is the best language in the world .
go say goodbye to them before they leave .
have you ever been in a traffic accident ?
have you ever fixed your car by yourself ?
have you said anything about this to tom ?
he accused me of having stolen his watch .
he became a citizen of the united states .
he bent over backward to please his wife .
he broke two ribs and punctured his lung .
he came to tokyo in search of employment .
he cherished the memory of his dead wife .
he denied having taken part in the crime .
he denied that he had accepted the bribe .
he didn't agree with us about the matter .
he doesn't have any friends to play with .
he drew some vertical lines on the paper .
he drinks a glass of water every morning .
he entered the bank disguised as a guard .
he found his father lying in the kitchen .
he gave a positive answer to my question .
he had an accident and fractured his leg .
he had the ambition to be prime minister .
he handed in his resignation to his boss .
he hurried so he wouldn't miss the train .
he is a diplomat at the american embassy .
he is a very irritating critic of others .
he is always giving presents to his wife .
he is always trying to do the impossible .
he is not running in the coming election .
he might have been sleeping at that time .
he offered ten dollars for our old radio .
he persuaded his wife not to divorce him .
he pushed the cat into the swimming pool .
he ran up the stairs breathing very hard .
he replied that he knew nothing about it .
he spoke for ten minutes without a pause .
he squeezed the toothpaste out of a tube .
he turned his back on the old traditions .
he wanted to know more about the flowers .
he wants to spend time with his daughter .
he was a fresh face in american politics .
he was covered all over with white paint .
he was demoted to the rank of lieutenant .
he was known to everybody in the village .
he was not conscious of my presence here .
he was standing there with a vacant look .
he went out a little before five o'clock .
he worked hard to provide for his family .
he's my best friend . we're like brothers .
her coat was too casual for the occasion .
her grandmother lived to be 88 years old .
her son was killed in a traffic accident .
his advice encouraged me to try it again .
his face turned pale on hearing the news .
his manners are not those of a gentleman .
his success was largely due to good luck .
how about my showing you around the town ?
how can something so wrong feel so right ?
how certain are you that he's a criminal ?
how come i've never seen you here before ?
how do i change my cell phone's ringtone ?
how do you propose we solve this problem ?
how long have you been playing the drums ?
how many people were killed in the store ?
how many proverbs have we learned so far ?
how many tractors did you sell last week ?
how often do you change your razor blade ?
how on earth can you speak that language ?
hurry up and bring me something to drink .
i almost forgot that it was his birthday .
i always keep a dictionary close at hand .
i am looking forward to seeing you again .
i am sure of his passing the examination .
i am thinking about buying a new parasol .
i appreciate you taking the time to help .
i asked my mother if breakfast was ready .
i assure you this isn't just about money .
i believe in the immortality of the soul .
i believe this fish is a freshwater fish .
i bought a pen for your birthday present .
i came across your brother on the street .
i can attest to everything she just said .
i can see much better with these glasses .
i can't believe you did that by yourself .
i can't believe you did this by yourself .
i can't believe you turned down that job .
i can't believe you've never heard of us .
i can't deal with that problem right now .
i can't figure out what she really wants .
i can't remember the melody to that song .
i can't stand it that she's suffering so .
i can't think of anything to write about .
i consider you one of my closest friends .
i could say nothing in my dad's presence .
i demanded that they be allowed to leave .
i didn't have time to watch tv yesterday .
i didn't take any books from the library .
i don't believe you . you're always lying .
i don't even know where to start looking .
i don't feel like going out this morning .
i don't have anybody who'll listen to me .
i don't have the authority to order that .
i don't have the strength to keep trying .
i don't know what's going on around here .
i don't know where my french textbook is .
i don't know whether to accept or refuse .
i don't know whether you're happy or not .
i don't know why that should surprise me .
i don't like to wear shoes without socks .
i don't think anyone noticed what we did .
i don't think she takes after her mother .
i don't think we should drink this water .
i don't think we should go outside today .
i don't want to become like those people .
i don't want you to worry about anything .
i eventually want to be fluent in german .
i failed the exam because i didn't study .
i feel bad about the way things happened .
i feel like i've already seen this movie .
i fell asleep before my father came home .
i found the picture you were looking for .
i gave a speech at the wedding yesterday .
i go out with mary almost every saturday .
i got this typewriter at a bargain price .
i have been writing letters all day long .
i have made many mistakes in my lifetime .
i have no clue what you're talking about .
i have no idea what you're talking about .
i have no recollection of seeing the man .
i have nothing to do with their troubles .
i have settled on green for the curtains .
i have to choose my words very carefully .
i haven't decided which job to apply for .
i haven't eaten asparagus in a long time .
i haven't had time to thank you properly .
i haven't seen him for about three years .
i haven't talked to anyone but tom today .
i heard you received an award last month .
i hope the police catch whoever did this .
i hope the weather will be fine tomorrow .
i hope you're not going to disappoint me .
i inquired about the book in many stores .
i just hope nothing goes wrong this time .
i just want everybody to like each other .
i just want to watch a little television .
i just want you to remember this feeling .
i keep a daily record of the temperature .
i know that wasn't the answer you wanted .
i know the exact time when that happened .
i know where they will be this afternoon .
i look forward to meeting you again soon .
i look forward to reading your new novel .
i love to hear a grandfather clock chime .
i must have my work finished by tomorrow .
i never thought tom would follow me here .
i often listened to him speak in english .
i often look up words in that dictionary .
i often played baseball when i was young .
i only eat vegetables that i grow myself .
i persuaded him that he should try again .
i played trumpet in our high school band .
i really didn't want to bother you again .
i really don't have anything else to say .
i really would rather be alone right now .
i received this electric knife as a gift .
i remember seeing her once on the street .
i respect those who always do their best .
i saw the teacher walk across the street .
i seasoned the fish with salt and pepper .
i spent my vacation in a foreign country .
i spent the whole day reading that novel .
i spent the whole day thinking about tom .
i still have the book from last semester .
i suggested that we should start at once .
i suppose you already know that's my car .
i think tom and john are identical twins .
i think tom should learn to speak french .
i think it's important to tell the truth .
i think we may have met somewhere before .
i think we've wasted enough of your time .
i thought i heard someone in the kitchen .
i thought it must be something like that .
i thought there was somebody in the room .
i thought this present might be from you .
i thought we could use the cloth napkins .
i thought you might like some hot coffee .
i threw the strange package on the table .
i want everything to work out just right .
i want to discuss this with your manager .
i want to make one thing perfectly clear .
i wanted to make a good first impression .
i was about to leave when you telephoned .
i was accused of eating the boss's lunch .
i was surprised by the news this morning .
i was thinking about buying a new camera .
i was watching tv at this time yesterday .
i wasn't aware that tom was unhappy here .
i wasn't expecting that to happen at all .
i wasn't in time for school this morning .
i won't be able to attend the conference .
i would really like to explore this cave .
i'd like to have dinner with you tonight .
i'd like to learn how to arrange flowers .
i'll have to tell her the truth tomorrow .
i'll lend you some books of my brother's .
i'll stand by you no matter what happens .
i'll take in the washing before it rains .
i'm afraid he will never admit his guilt .
i'm getting the hang of this new machine .
i'm glad someone agrees with me for once .
i'm going to go buy some materials today .
i'm going to the country with my friends .
i'm jealous because you have a good boss .
i'm just going across to the flower shop .
i'm not supposed to tell anyone about it .
i'm not sure i follow what you're saying .
i'm on a really tight schedule this week .
i'm planning to stay at my uncle's place .
i'm pretty sure tom lives on park street .
i'm pretty sure that it won't snow today .
i'm sick and tired of all this bickering .
i'm sorry that i didn't email you sooner .
i'm sorry that you couldn't come with us .
i'm sorry . i'm partly responsible for it .
i'm sure that i'll win that tennis match .
i've always thought you knew how to swim .
i've asked you repeatedly not to do that .
i've been trying to lose a little weight .
i've explained all of this to you before .
i've never heard him speak ill of others .
if necessary , i'll come at nine tomorrow .
if only i had known the answer yesterday !
in addition to english , he speaks german .
is there also a similar proverb in japan ?
is there anything to drink in the fridge ?
isn't that what you're trying to tell me ?
it happened that the day was my birthday .
it is necessary to prepare for the worst .
it looks like you're having a great time .
it took me several hours to translate it .
it was a pleasure working with you folks .
it was like something out of a nightmare .
it will be entertaining , if nothing else .
it will not last more than three minutes .
it won't be long before they get married .
it'll be forgotten in a few months' time .
it's been three years since i moved here .
it's hard to imagine a life without pets .
it's more polite to say thin than skinny .
it's not possible to live on that island .
it's supposed to be the other way around .
legend has it that this house is haunted .
lend me something with which to cut this .
let me write down the directions for you .
let's play some video games to kill time .
look up the new words in your dictionary .
look up the number in the telephone book .
many consider seven to be a lucky number .
mary is very attached to the little girl .
mary is young enough to be your daughter .
mary looks cute no matter what she wears .
mary put her knitting aside and stood up .
maybe tom wants to sleep a little longer .
maybe we should call the whole thing off .
maybe we should go to boston next summer .
my brother is big enough to travel alone .
my car was badly damaged in the accident .
my father gave up smoking for his health .
my father used to eat at this restaurant .
my friend lives in the middle of nowhere .
my husband sends his best regards to you .
my son wants to be a professional golfer .
my uncle said that he jogs every morning .
no one makes chicken soup like my mother .
no one wants to talk about books anymore .
nobody's found a solution yet , have they ?
non - members pay an additional 50 dollars .
now that we've finished eating , let's go .
now the mountain is hidden by the clouds .
nowadays , traveling costs a lot of money .
one more person will be joining us later .
osaka is the center of commerce in japan .
please continue until i tell you to stop .
please do not write in this library book .
please don't talk about me when i'm gone .
right now i can't think of anything else .
see what happens when you tell the truth ?
she advised him not to eat between meals .
she always clears the table after a meal .
she attacked him with a pair of scissors .
she can read even this difficult a kanji .
she complained of the room being too hot .
she demanded to see the person in charge .
she despises him only because he is poor .
she doesn't want him to pick the flowers .
she finished her work an hour in advance .
she forgave him for losing all her money .
she forgot that she bought him a present .
she had to use her dictionary many times .
she has the big room entirely to herself .
she helped the old man across the street .
she is no less beautiful than her mother .
she is quite pretty , but looks unhealthy .
she left her children in her aunt's care .
she married an american gi after the war .
she misses him , especially on rainy days .
she put on her overcoat before going out .
she read the article over and over again .
she risked her life to protect her child .
she sat next to him and listened quietly .
she stayed at the hotel for several days .
she talked him into going to the concert .
she turned pale when she heard that news .
she was absent because she caught a cold .
she was shocked when she heard his story .
she wouldn't allow me to read the letter .
she's the closest thing to family he has .
she's the most popular girl in the class .
someone cleaned my room while i was gone .
something is the matter with this tv set .
sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do .
sooner or later , i'll probably get bored .
spain was ruled by a dictator until 1975 .
spring is the best season to visit kyoto .
strictly speaking , the tomato is a fruit .
surprisingly , he swims even on cold days .
take care not to awake the sleeping baby .
take the apple and divide it into halves .
tell me what you think's inside this box .
thank you for considering me for the job .
thank you for helping me write my resume .
that adds a new dimension to our problem .
the apple doesn't fall far from the tree .
the ball rolled on the ground towards me .
the book you gave me is very interesting .
the boy is playing with his toy soldiers .
the boy playing the guitar is my brother .
the burglar shut the child in the closet .
the children go to school in the morning .
the church is between my house and yours .
the country is headed on the wrong track .
the doctor advised me to give up smoking .
the dog pursued a rabbit into the forest .
the king would not even read the message .
the members of the committee are all men .
the method was crude , but very effective .
the moon came out from behind the clouds .
the mother of that child is an announcer .
the museum is open from monday to friday .
the nation mourned the death of the king .
the need for reform in italy is enormous .
the officer inspired his men to be brave .
the only thing that tom drinks is coffee .
the planet closest to the sun is mercury .
the planet nearest to the sun is mercury .
the police caught the burglar red - handed .
the quickest means of travel is by plane .
the rooms in this hotel are pretty basic .
the school is closed because of the snow .
the temperature is below zero today , too .
the time bomb exploded with a loud noise .
the tragedy of war must not be forgotten .
the train was about to leave the station .
the train was almost an hour behind time .
the union was modest in its wage demands .
the war brought their research to an end .
there are few places to park around here .
there are many red flowers in the garden .
there are many wild animals in this area .
there are people here who need your help .
there are plenty of nice girls out there .
there is almost no violence in that city .
there is an urgent need for blood donors .
there is an urgent need for clean energy .
there is an urgent need for more doctors .
there is little hope that they are alive .
there is too much furniture in the house .
there is too much furniture in this room .
there is very little hope of his success .
there were hundreds of birds on the lake .
there were no fences on the great plains .
there's a book about dancing on the desk .
there's a good chance that he'll be late .
there's almost no coffee left in the pot .
there's going to be a math test tomorrow .
there's something i need to do right now .
these empty boxes take up too much space .
they admired the fine view from the hill .
they arrived at the foot of the mountain .
they kept flashing that light in my eyes .
they worked together to put out the fire .
this dictionary has about 40 , 000 entries .
this is the church where blake is buried .
this is the culmination of years of work .
this is the hardest thing i've ever done .
this morning i got up earlier than usual .
tom and mary were on the same wavelength .
tom and mary will get married next month .
tom asked the waitress for the wine list .
tom couldn't make a living as a musician .
tom doesn't need to know where i'm going .
tom grabbed the rope with his right hand .
tom has a really good sense of direction .
tom has decided to put off his departure .
tom has less money than his brother does .
tom has stayed at my house several times .
tom hoped to get back together with mary .
tom hung out with his friends last night .
tom is a canadian who lives in australia .
tom is single and has never been married .
tom is the captain of this baseball team .
tom likes to write poems and song lyrics .
tom never really wanted to go to harvard .
tom only sleeps about five hours a night .
tom refused to help mary do her homework .
tom said mary was coming over for dinner .
tom says he doesn't want to study french .
tom says he's read this book three times .
tom sent money to his daughter to boston .
tom spends too much time on the computer .
tom told me to treat others with respect .
tom wanted mary to stay with him forever .
tom wants to know more about mary's past .
water turns into steam when it is boiled .
we discussed the problem for a long time .
we found a secret door into the building .
we have more customers than we can count .
we have to crack down on illegal trading .
we have to get up early tomorrow morning .
we live in the country during the summer .
we put up the flags on national holidays .
we searched the house from top to bottom .
we stayed at home because it was raining .
we took an examination in math last week .
we were all shaking from the bitter cold .
we were shown all of their family photos .
we were very sorry we couldn't help them .
we wish him well in his future endeavors .
we've all done things we're not proud of .
we've been together for a very long time .
weather permitting , let's go on a picnic .
what did you just write in your notebook ?
what does a scotsman wear under his kilt ?
what does that gentleman do for a living ?
what happened to you ? you look miserable .
what time is the plane scheduled to land ?
what was your name before you changed it ?
what were you like when you were fifteen ?
whatever happens , we have to be prepared .
when it was stretched , the material tore .
where do you get off telling me anything ?
why aren't you already on board the ship ?
why didn't you tell me about this sooner ?
why would you do that without telling us ?
would you like me to repeat the question ?
would you like to tell me something else ?
would you please explain the rules to me ?
would you please not leave the door open ?
you had better ask the doctor for advice .
you had better not keep company with him .
you have such a wonderful eye for detail .
you haven't eaten anything yet , have you ?
you look a little green around the gills .
you need to work on saving your marriage .
you should be more careful the next time .
you should have helped him with his work .
you should play with your cat more often .
you should take care of your sick mother .
you should try to live within your means .
you still haven't told me where you live .
you think you're pretty funny , don't you ?
you're afraid that i'm right , aren't you ?
you're better off not getting in his way !
you're not really a millionaire , are you ?
you're the one i've been wanting to meet .
young people tend to take things too far .
a brass band is marching along the street .
a little heavier rain might cause a flood .
a passenger airplane took off for the usa .
after that incident , he never drank again .
am i supposed to answer that question now ?
are these the glasses you are looking for ?
are you familiar with the rules of soccer ?
at this hour , there is incredible traffic .
because of tom , mary has become depressed .
can someone tell me where the keyboard is ?
can you recommend a good dictionary to me ?
can you still remember where we first met ?
cancer can be cured if discovered in time .
clearly , this is the most important point .
did the trip live up to your expectations ?
did you write this fairy tale by yourself ?
do you have a christmas vacation in japan ?
do you have anything to say in particular ?
do you really believe i killed my brother ?
do you think you've made the wrong choice ?
does anyone know the name of the deceased ?
does this mean you won't be sleeping here ?
don't argue with a woman when she's tired .
every family has a skeleton in the closet .
every member but me believes what he says .
every student in the class knows the fact .
everyone wants to meet you . you're famous !
finish your homework before you go to bed .
five minutes' walk brought us to the park .
frankly , i don't like what you're wearing .
from year to year , pollution is worsening .
given her inexperience , she has done well .
have you ever eaten alone in a restaurant ?
have you ever thought of becoming a nurse ?
have you ever uploaded a video to youtube ?
have you found an answer to this question ?
he addressed the audience in a soft voice .
he always talks as if he knows everything .
he boasts that he can speak six languages .
he bought a pair of black shoes yesterday .
he bought the picture for next to nothing .
he committed suicide to atone for his sin .
he complained that he couldn't find a job .
he didn't come back to the base yesterday .
he gave her an engagement ring last night .
he had no difficulty in finding the place .
he has taken all this trouble for nothing .
he helped me to get over the difficulties .
he is a doctor and a university professor .
he is so honest that everybody trusts him .
he left without so much as saying goodbye .
he looked at me with a strange expression .
he needed capital to start a new business .
he promised me that he won't tell anybody .
he said nothing that would make her angry .
he thinks of everything in terms of money .
he thought the matter over for three days .
he took over the business from his father .
he was busy getting ready for his journey .
he was carrying an umbrella under his arm .
he was more surprised than i had expected .
he was nearly run over at an intersection .
he was playing football with an empty can .
he was sentenced to death by firing squad .
his boots and pants were covered with mud .
his doctor advised him to give up smoking .
his house is three times larger than mine .
his ideas never earned him a single penny .
his ideas never earned him even one penny .
his reason for not going is still unclear .
his story is strange , but it's believable .
hokkaido is in the northern part of japan .
how about going to the movies on saturday ?
how are you getting along with your study ?
how many brothers and sisters do you have ?
how many students are there in your class ?
however , i'm not good at speaking english .
i always thought you'd make a cute couple .
i am certain that you have noble thoughts .
i am expecting some serious work from you .
i am working hard trying to learn english .
i apologize for not writing to you before .
i ate something that didn't agree with me .
i awoke one morning to find myself famous .
i can neither confirm nor deny the rumors .
i can't believe i locked myself out again .
i can't believe you're trying to bribe me .
i can't endure that noise a moment longer .
i can't imagine what it must've been like .
i cannot give you a definite answer today .
i couldn't get a definite answer from him .
i couldn't have said it any better myself .
i didn't feel like going out this evening .
i didn't know apple trees grow from seeds .
i didn't know that he could speak english .
i didn't mean to give you that impression .
i didn't receive even one letter from her .
i don't answer the phone when i'm working .
i don't believe that tom can speak french .
i don't have any problem getting to sleep .
i don't have time to answer any questions .
i don't know what you're so worried about .
i don't think anybody's going to help you .
i don't understand what this means at all .
i don't want tom's death on my conscience .
i don't want to go outside this afternoon .
i doubt the new proposal will be accepted .
i drank three cups of coffee this morning .
i feel happier than i've ever felt before .
i felt like an outcast among those people .
i felt tired from having worked for hours .
i felt winded after running up the stairs .
i found it difficult to solve the problem .
i found out when we're supposed to arrive .
i grind my own coffee beans every morning .
i have little time for reading these days .
i have no hesitation in telling the truth .
i have some extra tickets for the concert .
i haven't gotten any letters from tom yet .
i haven't the faintest idea what you mean .
i hear that tom really speaks french well .
i heard from someone that she got married .
i heard you are planning to switch majors .
i hesitate to broach the subject with her .
i hope something bad doesn't happen to us .
i hope the weather will clear up tomorrow .
i just don't feel like doing that tonight .
i just don't want you making any mistakes .
i just don't want you to misunderstand me .
i just got my textbooks for this semester .
i just have one quibble with this product .
i just wish i could contribute more money .
i like listening to classical music a lot .
i like the original better than the remix .
i look forward to seeing you at christmas .
i love watching movies that make me think .
i made friends with a student from abroad .
i need to get something done very quickly .
i never claimed that i could speak french .
i opened an account in my daughter's name .
i really do appreciate all your hard work .
i really think you should stop doing that .
i returned the knife which i had borrowed .
i saw the children walk across the street .
i stayed home all day long reading novels .
i strolled along the streets to kill time .
i sure hope there's nothing wrong with it .
i think i left something in the classroom .
i think tom wants something to write with .
i think there's somebody in the next room .
i think you might have a drinking problem .
i think you ought to postpone the meeting .
i think you should think about the future .
i think you're being a little too careful .
i thought that book was difficult to read .
i understand that a mistake has been made .
i want to apologize for everything i said .
i want to show you something very special .
i was leaving home when tom telephoned me .
i was still eating when the doorbell rang .
i was to have finished the work yesterday .
i was watching tv when the telephone rang .
i will meet you at three o'clock tomorrow .
i wish i had followed the doctor's advice .
i wish our classroom were air - conditioned .
i wish we'd bought another bottle of wine .
i won a prize in the spelling competition .
i wonder if tom knows mary's phone number .
i wonder why we play tennis in miniskirts .
i would rather starve than work under him .
i wouldn't want anything to happen to you .
i wrote the wrong address on the envelope .
i'd like to borrow fifty dollars from you .
i'd like to get together with you tonight .
i'd like to have dinner with you sometime .
i'll be absent from home in the afternoon .
i'll be there at two o'clock without fail .
i'll never tell anyone who you really are .
i'll soon register for a course in german .
i'm having lunch with my sister right now .
i'm sorry for everything i've done to you .
i'm thinking of embarking on a new career .
i'm wondering whether to take on that job .
i've always wanted to try to learn french .
i've been waiting for you for three hours !
i've found something i'd like to show you .
i've got plenty more where that came from .
i've just talked to tom about that matter .
i've known her for more than twenty years .
if i've misjudged you , i'm terribly sorry .
in all probability , the cabinet will fall .
is this new model available on the market ?
is this the place where your mother works ?
it appears that she might change her mind .
it couldn't have happened at a worse time .
it doesn't matter whether you come or not .
it goes without saying that time is money .
it is very dangerous to cross this street .
it isn't easy to learn a foreign language .
it makes me really happy that you're here .
it pains me to disagree with your opinion .
it shouldn't come as a surprise to anyone .
it was a great privilege working with you .
it was a mistake to refuse his assistance .
it was he that broke the window yesterday .
it wouldn't take all that long to explain .
it's a direct flight from tokyo to london .
it's been three years since i've seen tom .
it's cheaper to order things by the dozen .
it's dangerous to jump off a moving train .
it's not easy to speak a foreign language .
it's shameful to treat a child so cruelly .
it's the first thing that my father wrote .
last month he had his house painted white .
let us know if you're available next week .
let's hope they don't even think about it .
let's keep each other company for a while .
let's let the workers go home early today .
let's see who can finish doing this first .
many young people came to moscow to study .
mom is washing the dog because he's dirty .
mom remained in the car while dad shopped .
mother bought me a nice dress last sunday .
my association with him did not last long .
my backyard can hold more than ten people .
my camera can shoot high - definition video .
my father used to read me bedtime stories .
my figures don't seem to tally with yours .
my grandfather was killed in world war ii .
my sister came along on the shopping trip .
my son thinks women are stronger than men .
my , you're looking green around the gills .
never have i seen such a beautiful sunset .
next year my birthday will fall on sunday .
no matter what happens , just keep smiling .
no one knows what'll happen in the future .
only a few tv programs are worth watching .
only six people were present at the party .
osaka is the second largest city of japan .
our escape was nothing short of a miracle .
our plans fell through at the last minute .
over 100 people were present at the party .
people are saying that the crisis is over .
please call me up between seven and eight .
please come to my office in the afternoon .
please move this stone from here to there .
please step back and keep behind the line .
please tell me how to pronounce this word .
please tell me the answer to the question .
she couldn't convince him to ride a horse .
she explained the reason why she was late .
she first met him when they were students .
she got a master's degree three years ago .
she is more an acquaintance than a friend .
she knows a lot about the latest fashions .
she looks pretty no matter what she wears .
she lost her memory in a traffic accident .
she read an amusing story to the children .
she showed me a letter written in english .
she sometimes has her mother cut her hair .
she used to go mountain climbing with him .
she wanted to get away from everyday life .
she was able to answer whatever was asked .
she was late because of the heavy traffic .
she was loved by everybody in the village .
she was very beautiful when she was young .
she will be a college student next spring .
she won first prize in the speech contest .
she wondered where she had lost her purse .
she'll give her photo to whoever wants it .
some fish are able to change their gender .
some of my friends can speak english well .
some people like cats , others prefer dogs .
some people like sports , and others don't .
someday i will buy a cotton candy machine .
something seems to be wrong with my clock .
strictly speaking , the earth is not round .
thanks for seeing me on such short notice .
that cut on your arm looks pretty serious .
the accident is still vivid in his memory .
the airport was closed because of the fog .
the boys are still playing in the sandbox .
the camera you bought is better than mine .
the car's tires were caked with dried mud .
the children are going to the beach today .
the consequence was that she lost her job .
the end does not always justify the means .
the fence will be painted by tom tomorrow .
the library will issue you a library card .
the movie was so sad that everybody cried .
the music carried me back to my childhood .
the mystery of her death was never solved .
the new harry potter movie is pretty lame .
the news soon spread all over the village .
the only language tom can speak is french .
the patient fainted at the sight of blood .
the picnic was called off because of rain .
the picture of the accident makes me sick .
the place is worth visiting at least once .
the plane took off at exactly ten o'clock .
the plane was late because of bad weather .
the provisions ran out after a short time .
the rivers were flooded by the heavy rain .
the stable is right behind the farm house .
the telephone was just ringing , wasn't it ?
the traffic crept along at a snail's pace .
the truth is rarely pure and never simple .
the wind ripped the roof off our building .
their house is just opposite the bus stop .
their way of thinking is behind the times .
there are not many books on these shelves .
there is a catholic church very near here .
there is a bookstore across from my house .
there is an urgent need for social change .
there is something about him i don't like .
there were hundreds of cars on the street .
there were only six people at the meeting .
there were three coffee mugs on the table .
there's hardly any coffee left in the pot .
there's no need for that kind of behavior .
they are chiseling a statue out of marble .
they are matters which we need to discuss .
they complained of the room being too hot .
they have been good neighbors to this day .
they hurried to the scene of the accident .
they probably saw our ship come into port .
they will have to cut down their expenses .
they'll get out of class in forty minutes .
this heater won't heat up that large room .
this house is very comfortable to live in .
this is a proverb that i don't understand .
this is a story about love and friendship .
this is the craziest thing i've ever seen .
this is the least expensive method of all .
this is the watch that i bought yesterday .
this problem is difficult for me to solve .
those shoes go well with this white skirt .
tom and mary eat lunch together every day .
tom and mary got married on christmas eve .
tom asked mary to look after the children .
tom ate some spoiled food and became sick .
tom certainly doesn't speak for all of us .
tom didn't choose the same thing mary did .
tom didn't have time to finish his report .
tom didn't know what mary's last name was .
tom didn't take many pictures on his trip .
tom doesn't know where mary wants to live .
tom doesn't often eat lunch with his wife .
tom doesn't remember where he put his key .
tom has been waiting for over three hours .
tom hates getting up early in the morning .
tom is checking his messages on his phone .
tom is the most influential man in boston .
tom isn't sure what time the party starts .
tom learned to drive when he was thirteen .
tom planted three apple trees in his yard .
tom plays computer games for hours on end .
tom said he doesn't know anyone in boston .
tom says he dreams about mary every night .
tom told me that the book was interesting .
tom tried to drown himself in his bathtub .
tom wanted mary to sing his favorite song .
tom wishes he could swap places with mary .
tom works at a computer company in boston .
toudaiji is the bigger of the two temples .
toyota's new car sports a hefty price tag .
try to make the most of every opportunity .
up until now , they've been good neighbors .
was there something you wanted to tell me ?
we agreed to start early the next morning .
we are all looking forward to your coming .
we are going to travel abroad this summer .
we are looking forward to seeing you soon .
we competed with each other for the prize .
we flew nonstop from osaka to los angeles .
we hardly ever talk to each other anymore .
we have a warrant to search your property .
we hope this will be to your satisfaction .
we intended to stay there about two weeks .
we need to find what's inside these boxes .
we will present our idea to the committee .
we'd be very interested in what you think .
we're going to see a foreign film tonight .
we've known each other since we were kids .
what are the children doing in the garden ?
what kind of songs are popular these days ?
what time will the flight arrive in tokyo ?
what would happen if i pushed this button ?
what's the first thing you're going to do ?
when did the thirty years' war take place ?
when does school let out for the holidays ?
when does the rainy season in japan begin ?
when life gives you lemons , make lemonade .
whether you like it or not doesn't matter .
white carpets are very hard to keep clean .
will you help me with my english homework ?
will you please put that in simpler words ?
women like men who make them feel special .
would you be interested in coming with us ?
would you consider giving me a small loan ?
would you mind sending this letter for me ?
years of farm work have hardened his body .
you can't count on him for financial help .
you couldn't solve the problem , could you ?
you don't have to worry about her anymore .
you don't need to prepare a formal speech .
you have a really good sense of direction .
you have made the very same mistake again .
you have to make the crease very straight .
you might get something in the mail today .
you must keep this machine free from dust .
you must not make noises in the classroom .
you should be more careful at a crosswalk .
you should have left half an hour earlier .
you shouldn't judge a person by his looks .
you still haven't told me why you're here .
you understand what i'm saying , don't you ?
you'd better be careful not to catch cold .
you're not even close to the right answer .
you're not the only one with this problem .
you're running a big risk in trusting him .
a persian cat was sleeping under the table .
a beam of sunlight came through the clouds .
a fierce battle was fought by the soldiers .
a lot of foreigners visit japan every year .
a woman visited us while you were sleeping .
all sorts of people came to the exhibition .
always be smarter than people who hire you .
an elderly person was resting under a tree .
are these the glasses you were looking for ?
are you going to visit any other countries ?
at the beginning , i couldn't understand it .
autumn came and the leaves started to fall .
birds usually wake up early in the morning .
brazil supplies us with much of our coffee .
can you describe the situation you were in ?
can you see what's wrong with this picture ?
certain poisons , properly used , are useful .
children should be kept away from the pond .
children should be taught not to tell lies .
columbus proved that the world is not flat .
concert tickets are on sale at this office .
did tom get hurt in the accident yesterday ?
did you enjoy going to exhibits in romania ?
did you mail the letter yesterday or today ?
did you speak with him about your projects ?
do you have a special menu for vegetarians ?
do you have anything to say regarding this ?
do you know any doctors who speak japanese ?
do you prefer subtitled or dubbed tv shows ?
do you understand the difficulty of my job ?
dogs wag their tails and cats swish theirs .
don't act like you don't know what's wrong .
don't get a stomachache by eating too much .
don't hesitate to ask if you want anything .
englishmen are , on the whole , conservative .
every part of the island has been explored .
everybody knows that two and two make four .
everyone is in the living room watching tv .
everyone is more or less interested in art .
few people were killed in the car accident .
from year to year they were growing poorer .
graham greene is a favorite author of mine .
granting that favor is out of the question .
guns don't kill people . people kill people .
hand in the three sheets of paper together .
have you ever had lunch at this restaurant ?
have you ever seen such a beautiful sunset ?
have you ever tried to think about nothing ?
have you received an answer to your letter ?
he abandoned his hope of becoming a doctor .
he accomplishes whatever he sets out to do .
he despises people of a lower social class .
he directed all his energy to his business .
he doesn't carry much baggage on his trips .
he got a prize for winning the competition .
he had served as a congressman and senator .
he has enough ability to manage a business .
he has the backing of a certain politician .
he hopes to exhibit his paintings in japan .
he is working hard to pass the examination .
he made a thorough analysis of the problem .
he often sits for many hours reading books .
he received a sizable advance for his book .
he started to learn spanish from the radio .
he thinks of everything in terms of profit .
he told us a very exciting adventure story .
he was surrounded by a throng of reporters .
he's back from his travels in central asia .
he's been doing this for over twenty years .
her unexpected visit got him all worked up .
his failing the test is no laughing matter .
his income is three times larger than mine .
his success was nothing short of a miracle .
how much is it including insurance and tax ?
i also use this study for receiving guests .
i bet you're feeling really good right now .
i borrowed this comic book from his sister .
i can easily convince you of his innocence .
i can't believe you thought i was cheating .
i can't express myself in french very well .
i can't forgive him for behaving like that .
i can't hear anything because of the noise .
i can't understand why he left so suddenly .
i cannot afford a camera above 300 dollars .
i caught him stealing pears in the orchard .
i couldn't remember the title of that song .
i didn't eat everything that she served me .
i don't know the first thing about fishing .
i don't know what the consequences will be .
i don't know why i bother repeating myself .
i don't need whatever it is you're selling .
i don't recognize over half of these names .
i don't remember getting paid for the work .
i don't remember when this photo was taken .
i don't see what you're so concerned about .
i had a premonition that this would happen .
i had some trouble figuring out the answer .
i have an appointment with my lawyer today .
i have been studying french four years now .
i have been working since six this morning .
i have made many sacrifices for my country .
i have read three books since this morning .
i have to study for tomorrow's french test .
i heard someone calling me from a distance .
i hope we'll see each other again sometime .
i just don't want to be disappointed again .
i just learned six new facts about wombats .
i just saw some things i couldn't identify .
i live miles away from the nearest station .
i overslept because my alarm didn't go off .
i promised myself i wouldn't do this again .
i really don't feel like talking right now .
i saw a figure approaching in the distance .
i saw the person i expected standing there .
i should have paid a little more attention .
i should not have stayed up late yesterday .
i suddenly realized that my watch was gone .
i think tom knows more than he's admitting .
i think something may have happened to tom .
i think we've already wasted too much time .
i thought you wouldn't mind waiting for me .
i took the opportunity to visit the museum .
i want a licensed guide who speaks english .
i want to follow you wherever you're going .
i was able to visit several american homes .
i will be leaving for australia next month .
i will take such action as seems necessary .
i wonder what the weather will be tomorrow .
i would prefer that you didn't submit this .
i'd like to hire someone who speaks french .
i'd like to make a reservation for tonight .
i'll be presenting a paper at a conference .
i'll get him to carry my suitcase upstairs .
i'll meet you down at the station tomorrow .
i'll never forget going to hawaii with her .
i'll speak to him at the first opportunity .
i'll teach you everything you need to know .
i'll visit you sometime in the near future .
i'm certain that i'll win the tennis match .
i'm going to have to cancel my appointment .
i'm just writing a letter to my girlfriend .
i'm not certain we can get tickets tonight .
i'm not permitted to discuss that with you .
i'm planning to stay at the hillside hotel .
i'm pretty sure that tom doesn't like mary .
i'm right in the middle of doing something .
i'm sorry if my being here embarrasses you .
i'm willing to try eating anything you eat .
i've already found somebody to do that job .
i've already written my part of the report .
i've been searching for my puppy for weeks .
i've been thinking about it the entire day .
i've never come across such a strange case .
i've never seen tom behave this way before .
is it true that you weren't here yesterday ?
is there anyone who can speak chinese here ?
it certainly feels like it's going to rain .
it doesn't matter whether he agrees or not .
it doesn't matter which team wins the game .
it happens more often than you would think .
it is difficult to prove that ghosts exist .
it seems like it might rain this afternoon .
it seems that tom is upset about something .
it was him that broke the window yesterday .
it was ten degrees below zero this morning .
it's been seven years since we got married .
it's been three years since we got married .
it's not just illegal , it's also dangerous .
it's one of the oldest buildings in boston .
it's really hard to choose the right color .
it's strange that our friends are not here .
january is the first month of the calendar .
kyoto is visited by many people every year .
ladies and gentlemen , please come this way .
let's discuss these problems one at a time .
let's divide this money between you and me .
let's not do anything that might upset tom .
let's proceed with the items on the agenda .
look both ways before you cross the street .
macbeth raised an army to attack his enemy .
make sure that you arrive at seven o'clock .
marriage is the main cause of all divorces .
most young adults enjoy going out at night .
mother goes to the hospital in the morning .
my cat rubbed her head against my shoulder .
my father encouraged me to study the piano .
my father often takes me to baseball games .
my father owns a small business in fukuoka .
my father teaches english at a high school .
my father visited my uncle in the hospital .
my grandfather died of a disease at eighty .
my mother and father aren't home right now .
my mother gets up earlier than anyone else .
my parents met each other in the mountains .
my sister takes piano lessons twice a week .
my sister will get married early next year .
my younger sister got married in her teens .
nature plays an important role in our life .
no student was able to answer the question .
not all english people like fish and chips .
one of my hobbies is collecting old stamps .
our studio is still located on park street .
our teacher has a wonderful sense of humor .
people of your age often have this problem .
please permit me to ask you some questions .
please tell me where the police station is .
poor eyesight is a handicap to a sportsman .
promise me you won't to do anything stupid .
russia is the largest country in the world .
sakura's way of speaking gets on my nerves .
sapporo is the fifth largest city in japan .
science will not solve all of our problems .
serving people is his sole purpose in life .
she can't stand being treated like a child .
she could not get over her husband's death .
she couldn't convince him to give a speech .
she didn't want him to pamper the children .
she gathered the pieces of the broken dish .
she gave a poor explanation for being late .
she has a rich vocabulary of english words .
she lay awake for hours thinking about him .
she liked tennis and became a tennis coach .
she looked very beautiful in her new dress .
she married a hotshot lawyer from new york .
she prides herself on her skill in cooking .
she said nothing that would make him angry .
she seems to have left for tokyo yesterday .
she'll spend the next four years in prison .
some people go to church on sunday morning .
some would say that he's playing with fire .
somebody needs to be here for the children .
speak louder so that everyone may hear you .
tastes in music vary from person to person .
that child wants some friends to play with .
that is something you should not have said .
that is the building where my father works .
that sort of flattery will get you nowhere .
the murais have been married for ten years .
the assignment is due two weeks from today .
the blue lines on the map represent rivers .
the boxer was pressured to throw the fight .
the cause of the accident is still obscure .
the city was soon occupied by the soldiers .
the comic scenes in the play were overdone .
the doctor's office is on the second floor .
the dog kept me from approaching his house .
the escaped prisoners are still on the run .
the fact that they came here is undeniable .
the fact was of interest to the scientists .
the first atomic bomb was dropped on japan .
the goods will be delivered free of charge .
the hailstones were as big as tennis balls .
the house was full of colorful art objects .
the king imposed heavy taxes on the people .
the loud drill gave her husband a headache .
the meeting room is occupied at the moment .
the people here are accustomed to the cold .
the photographs are the only proof we have .
the picture brought back a lot of memories .
the pirates had no choice but to surrender .
the principal of our school is an american .
the problem's being looked into as i speak .
the professor seemed to be lost in thought .
the school is five kilometers from my home .
the shrine was built two hundred years ago .
the small boy slowly made some new friends .
the storm did great damage to her property .
the streets in tokyo are full on saturdays .
the teacher told him to study english hard .
the team was quite nervous before the game .
the telephone was invented by bell in 1876 .
the world is more dangerous than i thought .
theory and practice should go hand in hand .
there are fifty stars on the american flag .
there are many abandoned cats in the world .
there are many more people than i expected .
there are many people living in this house .
there are many people trying to buy houses .
there are many tall buildings in that town .
there are people who are afraid of spiders .
there is a river between saitama and chiba .
there is nothing the matter with the motor .
there was a sudden change in the situation .
there's a good chance that he'll be chosen .
there's a long line at every cash register .
there's a lot of room left for improvement .
there's something i think you need to know .
there's still plenty that needs to be done .
they are talking about what they will sing .
they are willing to talk about the problem .
they kept singing until a rescue team came .
they know things these people want to know .
they made him work from morning till night .
they rented the upstairs room to a student .
they sailed along the west coast of africa .
they walked down the street singing a song .
they were never to return to their country .
this book is worth reading again and again .
this child believes that the earth is flat .
this city is famous for its beautiful park .
this custom dates back to the 12th century .
this form must be filled out in triplicate .
this is sometimes called the walk of shame .
this is the craziest thing i've ever heard .
this is the strangest thing i've ever done .
this is the stupidest thing i've ever done .
this place is famous for its scenic beauty .
this summer i went on vacation in scotland .
this time , you won't avoid your punishment .
this watch is less expensive than that one .
today , everything went awry from the start .
tokyo has a population of over ten million .
tom and mary have recently moved to boston .
tom and mary often work together on friday .
tom begged mary to give him another chance .
tom broke his promise and didn't help mary .
tom carried his duffel bag on his shoulder .
tom certainly spends a lot of time indoors .
tom claims that he has never killed anyone .
tom didn't get married until he was thirty .
tom didn't have time to watch tv yesterday .
tom didn't know where mary had gone skiing .
tom didn't remember where he'd put his pen .
tom does little other than play the guitar .
tom doesn't know where mary parked her car .
tom doesn't remember if he locked the door .
tom doesn't remember where he put his keys .
tom goes jogging in the park every morning .
tom hasn't had a fight with anybody lately .
tom hopes that mary will come next weekend .
tom is far from satisfied with mary's work .
tom is going to go swimming this afternoon .
tom is pretty sure everything will go well .
tom looked at his reflection in the mirror .
tom says he doesn't know much about boston .
tom shouldn't say things like that to mary .
tom showed her the letter from santa claus .
tom told me he was having trouble sleeping .
tom wondered why mary had stayed in boston .
tom's parents were asleep when he got home .
wash your hands before you handle the food .
we accept all major credit and debit cards .
we are looking forward to seeing you again .
we did not get your letter until yesterday .
we don't even know what we're fighting for .
we finally reached the top of the mountain .
we hardly ever see you around here anymore .
we have a majority interest in the company .
we have an obesity problem in this country .
we have until october to complete our plan .
we haven't yet decided what to do tomorrow .
we heard something moving in the next room .
we shouldn't judge people by how they look .
we spent hours trying to solve the problem .
we spent the whole evening talking to them .
we stayed with them all through the summer .
we stopped for lunch at a local restaurant .
we'll never forget what you've done for us .
we're positive that they forgot to call us .
we've got to fill this hole with something .
what do you call this vegetable in english ?
what do you have planned for the afternoon ?
what do you say to going swimming tomorrow ?
what kind of software does tom usually use ?
what makes you think that i'm against that ?
whatever happens , he won't change his mind .
where do the buses for downtown leave from ?
who was it that broke the window yesterday ?
will you show me what you bought yesterday ?
would you like to play tennis every sunday ?
you are not entitled to attend the meeting .
you are responsible for what you have done .
you can't keep something that big a secret .
you had better make use of the opportunity .
you had better not start until they arrive .
you have only to answer the first question .
you have the advantage of a good education .
you must have forgotten them at the office .
you ought not to have disclosed the secret .
you said you needed someone to protect you .
you seem to have thought of something else .
you should apologize to tom for being late .
you should apologize to her for being rude .
you should have seen that movie last night .
you should think before you begin to speak .
you shouldn't eat just before going to bed .
you shouldn't have eaten so much ice cream .
you shouldn't have gone to visit tom alone .
you shouldn't let people use you like that .
you shouldn't pop your bubble gum in class .
you will be paid according to your ability .
you will find the restaurant on your right .
you wouldn't understand . it's a girl thing .
you'd better not swim if you've just eaten .
you'll soon get used to speaking in public .
you're crazy to buy such an expensive bike .
you're either with me or you're against me .
you're starting to sound like your old man .
your lives will be spared if you surrender .
zap it in the microwave for thirty seconds .
a bright red ladybug landed on my fingertip .
a rubber ball bounces because it is elastic .
all the answers to this question were wrong .
any book will do provided it is interesting .
anybody wanna grab something to eat with me ?
are you spending enough time with your kids ?
aren't you a little young for this position ?
atomic energy can be used for peaceful ends .
can you identify the man using this picture ?
can you spin a basketball on your fingertip ?
circumstances did not permit me to help you .
could you tell me your mobile number please ?
do you ask every new employee that question ?
do you sometimes go abroad on your holidays ?
don't forget to fill the tank with gasoline .
don't respond to questions marked with an x .
don't worry . there's nothing wrong with you .
eventually , tom found out what had happened .
every bride is beautiful on her wedding day .
everything is subject to the laws of nature .
faith is believing what you know ain't true .
fish is an important food source for people .
france used to have many colonies in africa .
frankly speaking , i don't like your haircut .
frogs turn into princes only in fairy tales .
genes consist of a specific sequence of dna .
graham greene is one of my favorite authors .
have any of your friends ever been arrested ?
he applied for admission to the riding club .
he devoted himself to the study of medicine .
he encouraged his son to do something great .
he had an interview with the prime minister .
he had the privilege of a private education .
he has a very materialistic outlook on life .
he has been studying french for eight years .
he has published many papers on the subject .
he has spent three years writing this novel .
he has taken charge of his father's company .
he has very little interest in his children .
he held his breath while watching the match .
he is a recognized authority on the subject .
he is absorbed in reading a detective story .
he is always saying bad things about others .
he kept his promise and helped his brothers .
he knows about the modern history of france .
he left for london the day before yesterday .
he looked at the ship through his telescope .
he lost hope and killed himself with poison .
he made a cranberry sauce to accompany duck .
he often attributes his success to his wife .
he rescued the child from the burning house .
he thinks that they are not sentient beings .
he thought that he could climb the mountain .
he was always trying to provoke an argument .
he went through many hardships in his youth .
he's spending too much time on the computer .
help yourself to anything you'd like to eat .
his house was sold for ten thousand dollars .
his new book met with a favorable reception .
his recovery was nothing short of a miracle .
how did you become involved in this project ?
how many combat situations have you been in ?
how many galaxies are there in the universe ?
how many people were present at the meeting ?
i always felt like she was hiding something .
i am thinking of closing my savings account .
i calculated that it would cost 300 dollars .
i can't believe that you enjoyed that movie .
i can't blame you for breaking your promise .
i can't express myself in english very well .
i can't understand the meaning of this word .
i cannot thank you enough for your kindness .
i couldn't answer any questions on the test .
i don't feel comfortable posing in the nude .
i don't think i'll be needing anything else .
i don't understand why tom brought you here .
i don't want to participate in the ceremony .
i don't want to work under these conditions .
i felt relieved when my plane landed safely .
i finally found the solution to the problem .
i gave them a present for their anniversary .
i got you confused with your oldest brother .
i have always considered you a close friend .
i have many friends who are native speakers .
i have something very important to tell you .
i haven't been back here since the incident .
i hope i didn't make you feel uncomfortable .
i just can't stand this hot weather anymore .
i know somebody who speaks french very well .
i know that i calculated the bill correctly .
i liked walking alone on the deserted beach .
i never imagined myself going home so early .
i never make a speech without being nervous .
i saw the two together on several occasions .
i should've listened to what my mother said .
i studied french for three hours last night .
i suppose you've already applied for a visa .
i swear i never showed anyone that document .
i think i've seen that guy somewhere before .
i think tom did something he shouldn't have .
i think tom probably knows about it already .
i think he regrets having divorced his wife .
i think it's unlikely that plants feel pain .
i think you've mistaken me for someone else .
i thought i'd try eating mexican food today .
i usually don't bother with people like him .
i want my children to have dual citizenship .
i want that information as soon as possible .
i wasn't aware that someone was watching me .
i went snorkeling in a beautiful coral reef .
i wonder what language they speak in brazil .
i would prefer any alternative to a lawsuit .
i would rather you came tomorrow than today .
i'll be staying here for another three days .
i'll get you out of this horrible situation .
i'm afraid my depth perception is very poor .
i'm afraid something is wrong with my watch .
i'm amazed at his rapid progress in english .
i'm familiar with the way he asks questions .
i'm looking forward to the return of spring .
i'm not surprised you don't know the answer .
i'm planning to disguise myself as a doctor .
i'm putting all my effort into this project .
i'm ready to start working whenever you are .
i'm so grateful to you for this opportunity .
i'm sure everything will work out just fine .
i've been waiting for you since two o'clock .
i've got little time for reading these days .
i've never made this kind of mistake before .
is there anyone who can pronounce this word ?
is there somebody sitting in this seat here ?
it is often necessary to depend upon others .
it seems that they're bored of married life .
it takes years to master a foreign language .
it was difficult to remove the coffee stain .
it was gambling that brought about his ruin .
it's at least three hundred miles from here .
it's been a while since i've studied french .
it's been thirty years since we got married .
it's impossible to learn english in a month .
it's not known who first invented the wheel .
it's obvious to everyone that he's a genius .
it's something my sister never wanted to do .
keep all medicines out of reach of children .
kissing a smoker is like licking an ashtray .
kyoto is famous for its shrines and temples .
let's have a serious talk about your future .
let's not forget the real reason we're here .
let's pitch the tent while it's still light .
let's put off the meeting until next friday .
loosen the screws and remove the lamp cover .
many clients come to that lawyer for advice .
many young people were present at the party .
mary knitted tom a sweater for his birthday .
my father played golf on the sunday morning .
my grandfather was a soldier during the war .
my hobby is taking pictures of wild flowers .
my investments earn about 10 percent a year .
my painting is starting to look pretty cool .
my parents persuaded me not to travel alone .
no citizen should be deprived of his rights .
nobody could explain how the thing was made .
nobody goes outside in this kind of weather .
oil has been discovered under the north sea .
on arriving home , i discovered the burglary .
on the whole , the japanese are conservative .
our daughter burned her finger with a match .
our school is further away than the station .
our team returned home after a huge victory .
our visitors are sitting in the living room .
peace has returned after three years of war .
people who ignore history tend to repeat it .
please give my best regards to your parents .
please make sure the drinking water is pure .
please make sure your seat belt is fastened .
please remind me to write a letter tomorrow .
please wake me up at seven tomorrow morning .
probably you are allergic to pollen or dust .
she accused him of being inattentive to her .
she claims that she knows nothing about him .
she couldn't study abroad for lack of money .
she got her master's degree three years ago .
she has been waiting for him thirty minutes .
she made many mistakes in typing the report .
she makes him do his homework before dinner .
she scrubbed the kitchen floor with a brush .
she selected a blue dress from the wardrobe .
she snuck out the house without him knowing .
she spends all her time thinking about boys .
she takes after her mother in every respect .
she thinks money and happiness are the same .
she told him that she believed in astrology .
she took two weeks' leave and visited china .
she was leading her grandmother by the hand .
some children play video games all the time .
some people like him and other people don't .
some photos were printed in black and white .
somebody told me that i shouldn't trust you .
sometimes i wish i had a different religion .
sometimes , you must fail before you succeed .
sooner or later , i'll probably visit boston .
spain will need to borrow 100 billion euros .
tv plays an important part in everyday life .
thank you for helping me carry my suitcases .
that book is familiar to all young children .
that brand of tequila really packs a wallop .
that company is managed by my older brother .
that doesn't explain what happened , does it ?
that picture brought back a lot of memories .
that's the most absurd idea i've ever heard .
that's the ugliest baby that i've ever seen .
that's your answer for everything , isn't it ?
the olympic games are held every four years .
the president made an address to the nation .
the soviet union launched sputnik i in 1957 .
the texans began to organize their own army .
the air conditioner seems to be working now .
the athletic meet was postponed due to rain .
the author dedicated the book to his sister .
the breakfast dishes were still in the sink .
the cops are looking for the gang's hideout .
the doctor advised me to take more exercise .
the doctor persuaded him to give up smoking .
the enemy dropped many bombs on the factory .
the fans sought to shake the actress's hand .
the fire reduced the whole village to ashes .
the fish he caught yesterday is still alive .
the garden was surrounded by a wooden fence .
the girl made off with her employer's money .
the market for luxury goods is growing fast .
the mayor provided me with an identity card .
the men were working with picks and shovels .
the other team has some really good players .
the president made a statement on the issue .
the press is interested in his private life .
the rebels made a barricade across the road .
the red lines on the map represent railways .
the snow prevented us from arriving on time .
the spider web glistened in the morning dew .
the subject has not yet been fully explored .
the syntax of python scripts is very simple .
the terrible scene made him tremble in fear .
the tree's roots extend deep into the earth .
the weather forecast is not reliable at all .
the world is changing more and more quickly .
the wreckage is scattered over a large area .
the young man saved the child from drowning .
there are fifty states in the united states .
there are five patients in the waiting room .
there are many different ways of doing this .
there is a strong bond between the brothers .
there is an urgent need for blood donations .
there was only one survivor of the accident .
there's a cure for everything , except death .
these books are worth reading at least once .
they accused me of having broken my promise .
they agreed to work together on the project .
they got married when they were still young .
they jumped through a window into the river .
they manage to get along without much money .
they must be crazy to believe such nonsense .
they went on an expedition to the antarctic .
things were never quite the same after that .
this building is on the verge of collapsing .
this camera is less expensive than that one .
this is no time to quibble over terminology .
this is the fifth concert by this orchestra .
this shouldn't come as a surprise to anyone .
this train runs between new york and boston .
tickets are available online or at the door .
time goes by quickly when you're having fun .
to speak a foreign language well takes time .
tom and mary are getting married in october .
tom and mary both ordered the lunch special .
tom could see mary was getting very nervous .
tom didn't have the courage to disobey mary .
tom didn't tell me he couldn't speak french .
tom doesn't need to finish this by tomorrow .
tom had no way of verifying the information .
tom hardly ever speaks french to his mother .
tom has no intention of apologizing to mary .
tom lives 10 miles from the canadian border .
tom saw his former employer at a conference .
tom spends very little time with his family .
tom takes a bath every evening after dinner .
tom took mary's hands and held them tightly .
tom was badly injured in a traffic accident .
tom was guilty of spreading lies about mary .
tom wasn't smiling when he entered the room .
tom won a prize in the spelling competition .
tom's broken arm took several weeks to heal .
try to answer as many questions as possible .
we all consider your idea to be impractical .
we are having trouble with our new neighbor .
we discussed the problem far into the night .
we don't want them to decrease our paycheck .
we enjoyed ourselves at the seaside all day .
we found a secret passage into the building .
we live about three miles above this bridge .
we talked without the aid of an interpreter .
we will have an english test this afternoon .
we're going to another party after this one .
what are you doing at school this afternoon ?
what doesn't kill us only makes us stronger .
what language do they speak in your country ?
where are you going to vacation this summer ?
who was it that bought this skirt yesterday ?
would you mind letting me see your passport ?
you can't understand this sentence , can you ?
you may come at any time tomorrow afternoon .
you needn't have taken an umbrella with you .
you should apologize to him for coming late .
you're not telling me anything i don't know .
you're the most beautiful girl in the world .
you're the most handsome man i've ever seen .
you're the most important person in my life .
zoology deals with the study of animal life .
a blind person's hearing is often very acute .
a crowd soon gathered around the fire engine .
a good doctor is sympathetic to his patients .
after several delays , the plane finally left .
all the things i bought have already arrived .
american women didn't have the right to vote .
besides the rain , we experienced heavy winds .
burn this letter after you finish reading it .
can the meeting be finished within two hours ?
can you account for your absence last friday ?
chicken pox is a common sickness in children .
could you describe to the jury what happened ?
do you know what time that accident happened ?
do you remember where you left your umbrella ?
do you sell any guidebooks written in french ?
do you think there's something wrong with me ?
do you think you would ever consider suicide ?
don't let anyone enter or approach this room .
don't you think that's probably a good thing ?
drivers should be aware of the traffic rules .
drug addiction is a cancer in modern society .
even the teacher could not solve the problem .
even though he apologized , i'm still furious .
every student has free access to the library .
excuse me for opening your letter by mistake .
florence is the most beautiful city in italy .
has anyone in your family ever been arrested ?
haven't i already told you about this before ?
he broke the machine by using it incorrectly .
he denied having been involved in the affair .
he doesn't have the capacity to be president .
he explored the region around the south pole .
he gathered the courage to decline the offer .
he hurried past me without stopping to speak .
he is always finding fault with other people .
he is amusing himself by playing video games .
he is bound to pass the entrance examination .
he is leaving narita for hawaii this evening .
he is proficient in both spanish and italian .
he left for america the day before yesterday .
he looked for every possible means of escape .
he occupies a prominent position in the firm .
he played an important role on the committee .
he promised me that he wouldn't tell anybody .
he received quite a few letters this morning .
he sacrificed his health to fulfill his duty .
he shuddered with horror at the grisly sight .
he spends all his time extolling her virtues .
he took a picture of the beautiful landscape .
he took my umbrella without bothering to ask .
he uses foul language whenever he gets angry .
he's getting more and more stubborn with age .
he's got the biggest eyebrows i've ever seen .
her clothes were made of very cheap material .
his father is conservative and old - fashioned .
his story is much more interesting than hers .
how long have you been planning this wedding ?
humans are healed , but machines are repaired .
i apologized for having been late for school .
i arrived at narita the day before yesterday .
i believe you , but unfortunately tom doesn't .
i can't believe people really eat that stuff .
i can't believe the way everyone is reacting .
i can't believe we've never done this before .
i can't imagine a future with no electricity .
i can't imagine your not knowing her address .
i can't stop thinking about the stolen money .
i couldn't enter because the door was closed .
i couldn't have solved this case without you .
i couldn't let tom go without saying goodbye .
i couldn't put up with her arrogant behavior .
i do not like wearing anybody else's clothes .
i don't have anything else planned for today .
i don't quite understand what you are saying .
i don't really think there'll be any trouble .
i don't suppose you know anything about this .
i entrusted my wife with the family finances .
i feel sympathy for people with that disease .
i find myself in a rather delicate situation .
i hadn't considered not going to the meeting .
i have some friends in the police department .
i haven't read the book you're talking about .
i immediately recognized them and so did tom .
i knew something wasn't right about that guy .
i like shopping at the local farmers' market .
i ought to have written the letter yesterday .
i play trumpet in a symphonic wind orchestra .
i played tennis yesterday for the first time .
i really couldn't have done this without you .
i remember returning the book to the library .
i shouldn't have wasted my time reading that .
i think tom would probably disagree with you .
i think you should change your eating habits .
i thought a person like you would understand .
i want this matter taken care of immediately .
i want to emphasize this point in particular .
i wondered what time the concert would begin .
i'd appreciate an answer as soon as possible .
i'll do my homework after i watch television .
i'll remain your ally no matter what happens .
i'm confident that i'll win the tennis match .
i'm going to work during the spring vacation .
i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
i'm sure i've seen that guy somewhere before .
i'm surprised no one else heard the gunshots .
i've been really lonely these past two weeks .
i've never felt this way about anyone before .
if i'd only read the contract more carefully !
in all probability , we'll arrive before them .
ireland and england are separated by the sea .
it is important to know your own limitations .
it is still unclear what caused the accident .
it looks like tom is really enjoying himself .
it was mary that bought this skirt yesterday .
it's been a pleasure doing business with you .
it's the most beautiful thing i've ever seen .
just then i heard footsteps in the stairwell .
knowing is one thing , teaching quite another .
living in a cluttered home is very stressful .
maybe tom should pay more attention in class .
mother teresa was born in yugoslavia in 1910 .
my brother seems to enjoy himself at college .
my friends don't pay attention to me anymore .
my friends scolded me for my stupid behavior .
my mother bought two bottles of orange juice .
my mother gets up the earliest every morning .
my uncle comes back from america next monday .
no less than 100 people attended the meeting .
nobody can believe in you more than yourself .
nobody knows what goes on behind those doors .
none of the teachers could solve the problem .
nuclear weapons are a threat to all humanity .
one good friend is better than ten relatives .
our army attacked the enemy during the night .
our music teacher advised me to visit vienna .
perhaps we will see each other again tonight .
please forgive me for forgetting to call you .
please note the change in the meeting agenda .
please put some candles on the birthday cake .
please remind me to mail the report tomorrow .
refugees poured in from all over the country .
see what happens when you give people advice ?
several houses were washed away by the flood .
she advised him to stop taking that medicine .
she didn't mention the reason for being late .
she gave him a few pointers on pronunciation .
she greeted him cheerfully as she always did .
she is always finding fault with her husband .
she is good at making up interesting stories .
she was quite nervous about her first flight .
she's been feeling a little on edge recently .
social networking sites are all the rage now .
some diseases are caused by a defective gene .
strictly speaking , his answer is not correct .
strong winds stripped the tree of its leaves .
swimming is good exercise for the whole body .
that which is easily acquired is easily lost .
that's the most important thing in the world .
that's why so many students are absent today .
the medieval era gave way to the renaissance .
the united states is a country of immigrants .
the brain needs a continuous supply of blood .
the bus is capable of carrying thirty people .
the cat arched its back and stretched itself .
the clouds floating in the sky are beautiful .
the dictator came to power fifteen years ago .
the enemy is becoming more and more powerful .
the fireman chopped his way through the door .
the flowers in the garden are very beautiful .
the museum has an exhibit of ancient weapons .
the native people were forced off their land .
the new house didn't live up to expectations .
the number of employees doubled in ten years .
the old man stopped suddenly and looked back .
the primary cause of his failure is laziness .
the service agent helped me solve my problem .
the storm prevented us from arriving on time .
the teacher gave way to the students' demand .
the thief is certain to be caught eventually .
the unclaimed items were sold off at auction .
the university bears the name of its founder .
the vast majority of children love ice cream .
the weather outlook for tomorrow is not good .
the whole family was out harvesting the corn .
the worth of friendship is greater than gold .
their trip was postponed because of the rain .
there are many words that i don't understand .
there is a friendly atmosphere in the office .
there is an urgent need for medical supplies .
there is enough time to finish this homework .
there must be a logical explanation for this .
there was an attempt on the president's life .
there's something i want to discuss with you .
these two are very different from each other .
they don't understand me when i speak german .
they felt many emotions on their wedding day .
they're eating dinner now in the dining room .
this flower is more beautiful than that rose .
this isn't an unappealing proposition , is it ?
this place has a mysterious atmosphere to it .
those who violate the rules will be punished .
tickets for today's game sold like hot cakes .
tom always flies economy class to save money .
tom and mary finally decided to get divorced .
tom and mary weren't particularly kind to me .
tom can't stand the smell of cigarette smoke .
tom closes his eyes when he swims underwater .
tom complained that he had too much homework .
tom did everything he could for his children .
tom didn't want to think about the situation .
tom doesn't know when mary will leave boston .
tom doesn't think anybody else wants to come .
tom hasn't seen mary since they got divorced .
tom is looking for someone who speaks french .
tom knows that mary doesn't love him anymore .
tom promised me that he wouldn't tell anyone .
tom said that he doesn't regret his decision .
tom says he likes boston better than chicago .
tom wants a better percentage of the profits .
tom was mary's boyfriend before she met john .
tom was sitting near a very attractive woman .
tom's lunch includes a sandwich and an apple .
turn off the television . i can't concentrate .
washing the car took longer than we expected .
we are expecting the publication of his book .
we could hear wolves howling in the distance .
we couldn't have done this without your help .
we eat more processed food than natural food .
we have the opportunity to make some changes .
we lost our electricity because of the storm .
we must look after her children this evening .
we probably won't have much snow this winter .
we were astonished to hear what had happened .
we're confident we'll be able to handle this .
we're facing a much bigger problem than that .
we're keeping all options open at this point .
what bugged me most was having been deceived .
what do you enjoy most about learning french ?
what is the difference between this and that ?
what kind of information are you looking for ?
why did you buy such an expensive dictionary ?
without tom's advice , mary would have failed .
workaholics view holidays as a waste of time .
would you please turn on the air conditioner ?
yesterday i played tennis for the first time .
yesterday , i read a really interesting story .
yokohama is the second largest city in japan .
you have finished your homework , haven't you ?
you must not take advantage of her innocence .
you ought to have taken your father's advice .
you should brush your teeth after every meal .
you should come over this evening for dinner .
you should keep this machine clean and lubed .
you should not feel superior to other people .
you should work in the interests of humanity .
you shouldn't ride a bicycle on the sidewalk .
you'll feel better if you take this medicine .
you'll never guess what happened to me today .
you'll soon get used to eating japanese food .
you're the most beautiful woman in the world .
you're the only person that can persuade him .
your question is not relevant to the subject .
a swarm of locusts descended on the cornfield .
a telephone is something you can't do without .
a triathlon is a forbidding test of endurance .
a true gentleman would not betray his friends .
adding comments makes the code easier to read .
all living things on earth depend one another .
all the inmates are present and accounted for .
america's foreign debt shot past $ 500 billion .
an important quality of steel is its strength .
avoid crossing this street when it is raining .
billie holliday had an earthy , gravelly voice .
camping is impossible where there is no water .
can you read what's written on the blackboard ?
cheese and butter are products made from milk .
computers are better than us at playing chess .
could you please explain what's going on here ?
did you take part in the discussion yesterday ?
did you talk to your new classmates yesterday ?
dinosaurs became extinct a very long time ago .
do you think we'll have good weather tomorrow ?
don't hesitate to ask your teacher a question .
don't stick your nose where it doesn't belong .
ever since he arrived , everything has changed .
everyone has their own strong and weak points .
friends are always willing to help each other .
generally speaking , men are taller than women .
get up fifteen minutes earlier in the morning .
give the television remote control back to me .
grandpa always said there'd be days like this .
have you already decided on your thesis topic ?
have you ever eaten chocolate - covered popcorn ?
have you ever thought about quitting your job ?
he accidentally hit his thumb with the hammer .
he attributed the accident to the bad weather .
he became a singer against his parents wishes .
he cut the advertisement out of the newspaper .
he examined the spare parts one after another .
he feels relaxed when he's playing the guitar .
he found no difficulty in solving the problem .
he is always complaining about his low salary .
he told me that poe's novels were interesting .
he took advantage of every opportunity he had .
he was slightly injured in a traffic accident .
he watched the horse race with his binoculars .
he's the type who doesn't worry about details .
honesty is the primary reason for his success .
hopefully the weather will be just like today .
how about having a barbecue party next sunday ?
i am not accustomed to walking long distances .
i bought some romanian books for the students .
i can't concentrate on that problem right now .
i could not make myself understood in english .
i couldn't live with that kind of uncertainty .
i couldn't make myself heard in the classroom .
i couldn't think of anything better than that .
i did that without asking for anyone's advice .
i didn't know about that until quite recently .
i don't believe that santa claus is imaginary .
i don't recall you saying anything about that .
i don't remember actually deciding to do that .
i don't understand the meaning of this phrase .
i don't understand what the teacher is saying .
i don't understand what you are talking about .
i don't want there to be any misunderstanding .
i don't want to watch television this evening .
i exhausted myself by walking a long distance .
i feel terrible about the way things happened .
i finally feel like everything's going my way .
i have been learning english these four years .
i have to take the entrance examination today .
i hear the freemasons have a secret handshake .
i heard tom gave you his grandfather's violin .
i hope we're going to do something worthwhile .
i know the photographer who took this picture .
i like english better than i like mathematics .
i promise i'll mop the floor tomorrow morning .
i really don't know what you're talking about .
i remember my mother teaching me the alphabet .
i sat watching an exciting game on television .
i saw an exciting baseball game last saturday .
i suppose you'll be studying all day tomorrow .
i think there's something here you should see .
i think you might eventually change your mind .
i think you're going to find this interesting .
i thought that he knew everything about japan .
i want to believe that everything's all right .
i want to study japan's history at university .
i would like to retract my previous statement .
i'll give you anything you want within reason .
i'm looking forward to seeing you next sunday .
i'm planning on staying at his place tomorrow .
i'm secretly in love with someone else's wife .
i'm sending you a birthday present by airmail .
i'm sorry to disturb you while you're talking .
i'm surprised they didn't have anything to do .
i've always dreamed of owning my own business .
i've always wanted to write a children's book .
i've been in love with you since kindergarten .
i've heard that some people sleep in bathtubs .
i've never been under so much pressure before .
in case anything happens , call me immediately .
in hot weather , water evaporates more quickly .
instead of complaining , maybe you should help .
it is difficult to convey the meaning exactly .
it's a miracle that he survived the hurricane .
marriage is a dinner that begins with dessert .
mary separated from her husband two years ago .
maybe tom should quit before he hurts himself .
members of that tribe settled along the river .
milk boils at a higher temperature than water .
millions of people starve to death every year .
musical talent usually blooms at an early age .
my faith in the next generation is increasing .
my father always sleeps while watching the tv .
my grandparents were born in the last century .
my life would be completely empty without you .
my muscles ached from playing tennis too much .
no criminal charges will be filed against you .
nobody can see this movie without being moved .
one of my favorite authors is herman melville .
our apartment is starting to look pretty cool .
our ultimate goal is to establish world peace .
please do not enter the room without knocking .
please don't blow your nose on the tablecloth .
please don't hesitate to ask me any questions .
please have my baggage brought to the station .
please put this where children can't reach it .
please speak louder so everybody can hear you .
please tell me your name and telephone number .
put this medicine where children can't get it .
science does not solve all of life's problems .
seen from space , earth seems relatively small .
she came back ten minutes after the explosion .
she couldn't convince him to accept the bribe .
she has an important role in our organization .
she is always complaining of her small salary .
she is always finding fault with other people .
she is proficient in both spanish and italian .
she must have forgotten all about the promise .
she must've been beautiful when she was young .
she walked past him without even noticing him .
she will be seventeen years old next february .
she's sitting in the kitchen and drinking tea .
short skirts have already gone out of fashion .
some people like coffee and others prefer tea .
that's the problem with doing things your way .
the titanic's maiden voyage didn't go so well .
the article alludes to an event now forgotten .
the black telephone costs more than the white .
the chief justice will swear in the president .
the children were left to fend for themselves .
the country is heading in the right direction .
the dog felt guilty about eating the homework .
the drug smuggler was arrested at the airport .
the first edition was published ten years ago .
the fog began to disappear around ten o'clock .
the furniture in this office is really modern .
the living room furniture was modern in style .
the negotiations are at a very delicate stage .
the old man attempted to swim five kilometers .
the old man was accompanied by his grandchild .
the original was written as a school textbook .
the police arrested the pickpocket in the act .
the policeman was confronted by the angry mob .
the president is fully aware of the situation .
the red flag indicated the presence of danger .
the report is being prepared by the committee .
the rescue workers arrived two hours too late .
the restaurant was far from the train station .
the thief had special tools for picking locks .
there are some things that i don't understand .
there is a rapid increase in world population .
there is no telling what will happen tomorrow .
there were few students left in the classroom .
there's something about tom that i don't like .
they are appealing for money to help refugees .
they are not very different from anybody else .
they condemned him for his cruelty to animals .
they played quite a few ella fitzgerald songs .
they saluted each other by raising their hats .
they want to participate in the olympic games .
they're just like rats leaving a sinking ship .
this company has been spying on its employees .
this course teaches basic skills in first aid .
this is the place where the incident happened .
this local newspaper is published once a week .
this medicine is still not sold in pharmacies .
this oil painting dates from the 17th century .
this product is intended for private use only .
this young man knows little about his country .
thousands of people wanted to know the answer .
tom committed crimes , but was never convicted .
tom complained about the room being too small .
tom couldn't have done it without mary's help .
tom doesn't think he'll be able come tomorrow .
tom doesn't think it will snow this afternoon .
tom doesn't understand why mary is so popular .
tom emigrated to australia when he was thirty .
tom is quite capable of looking after himself .
tom is standing over there near the fireplace .
tom promised himself he'd never do that again .
tom showed mary several pictures of his house .
tom took his girlfriend out on saturday night .
tom would do anything to get mary's attention .
tom wrote an article for the school newspaper .
tom's been going through a rough patch lately .
we can't just sit here without doing anything .
we had many bitter experiences during the war .
we received an immediate answer to our letter .
we should deal with this matter without delay .
we should place much value on the environment .
we shouldn't do anything about that right now .
we're moving out of this apartment next month .
we've known each other since we were children .
what are some foods commonly eaten in america ?
what is the highest mountain in north america ?
what is the strangest thing you've ever eaten ?
what were you doing about this time yesterday ?
you can't enter the building without a permit .
you must avoid making those kinds of mistakes .
you should look out for potholes when driving .
you should stay in the hospital for treatment .
you should stick those pictures in your album .
you'd better wear a sweater under your jacket .
you're spending too much time on the computer .
you're the most beautiful girl i've ever seen .
a fire broke out in the neighborhood yesterday .
a good cook doesn't throw out yesterday's soup .
after the revolution , france became a republic .
all our teachers were young and loved teaching .
all the guests were touched by her hospitality .
all the names are listed in alphabetical order .
an englishman would not pronounce it like that .
animals can't tell what's real and what's fake .
another thing that is required is a dictionary .
are you telling me you've never studied french ?
can't you see a stapler somewhere around there ?
circumstances forced us to put off the meeting .
competition is neither good nor evil in itself .
contact my assistant if you have any questions .
did you go anywhere during the summer vacation ?
do you remember what tom was wearing yesterday ?
fast forward to the part where they're kissing .
few people are able to understand his theories .
frankly speaking , his speeches are always dull .
from the moment he arrived , everything changed .
generally speaking , women live longer than men .
have you ever thought about becoming a teacher ?
he amazed everyone by passing his driving test .
he canceled the appointment at the last moment .
he couldn't stand the bitterness of the coffee .
he didn't succeed in explaining what he wanted .
he doesn't stand a chance against his opponent .
he gave a detailed description of the accident .
he had scarcely escaped when he was recaptured .
he has devoted himself to his studies recently .
he is very much interested in japanese history .
he prides himself on his knowledge of politics .
he regained consciousness and was able to talk .
he was working at the office yesterday evening .
he's very influential in the world of medicine .
heavy snow delayed the train for several hours .
his hobbies are playing the guitar and singing .
his proposal is completely out of the question .
his visits became less frequent as time passed .
historically , the persian gulf belongs to iran .
how are things going with your youngest sister ?
how many engineers took part in the conference ?
how many students are there in your university ?
i can't remember where this little doodad goes .
i consider watching television a waste of time .
i don't understand the meaning of the question .
i don't understand why this keeps coming loose .
i find learning languages to be very rewarding .
i guess i felt like eating something different .
i had some trouble finding her house yesterday .
i heard strange noises coming from his bedroom .
i just don't feel like celebrating my birthday .
i knew someone would come rescue us eventually .
i knew there was something different about you .
i made hotel reservations one month in advance .
i managed to make myself understood in english .
i should've married your sister instead of you .
i sometimes feel drowsy in the early afternoon .
i spent yesterday reading instead of going out .
i think something terrible has happened to tom .
i want an hourly update about what's happening .
i'd like to take advantage of this opportunity .
i'm fighting mad because someone stole my bike .
i'm still having the same dream about drowning .
i've got a flashlight in the glove compartment .
i've gotten tired of watching this boring game .
is it really possible to predict an earthquake ?
is there anything to drink in the refrigerator ?
is there something in particular that you want ?
it was the greatest discovery in human history .
it's characteristic of him to behave like that .
it's convenient living so close to the station .
it's dangerous to text while crossing the road .
it's possible that tom isn't telling the truth .
lake geneva is the largest lake in switzerland .
let's hope the situation doesn't get any worse .
let's meet halfway between your house and mine .
man is the only animal that possesses language .
my father implied our summer trip was arranged .
my father's birthday falls on sunday this year .
no charges have been filed against the suspect .
no one can predict where lightning will strike .
one of my hobbies is making artificial flowers .
perhaps you would have preferred a french dish .
please spend a few minutes thinking about this .
scientists haven't found a cure for cancer yet .
she got married without her parents knowing it .
she has improved her skill in cooking recently .
she has tried various methods of slimming down .
she intends to participate in a beauty contest .
she is not only beautiful but also intelligent .
she refuses to abandon her career for marriage .
she steered our efforts in the right direction .
she suggested that i should clean the bathroom .
she thinks about him when she's feeling lonely .
she went to rehab and straightened herself out .
some people are fascinated by shiny new things .
some people gain weight when they stop smoking .
someone must have taken my umbrella by mistake .
sometimes it's better to just not say anything .
sometimes things that happen do not make sense .
take a screenshot of just the highlighted text .
thank you for helping me celebrate my birthday .
thank you for helping me correct the situation .
that made the problem all the more complicated .
that reminds me of something i heard yesterday .
that's pretty much everything you need to know .
the battle for belleau wood lasted three weeks .
the indians were not happy with this agreement .
the red cross distributed food to the refugees .
the car's antenna is built into the windshield .
the country's main products are cocoa and gold .
the explorers cut their way through the forest .
the garbage collector comes three times a week .
the girl and her parents were very sympathetic .
the girl was visibly shaken after the accident .
the ground was covered with frost this morning .
the hotel was designed by a japanese architect .
the man controlled the country for fifty years .
the mandate of the president lasted five years .
the patient will soon recover from his illness .
the policeman captured the man who was running .
the room smelled like someone had been smoking .
the skyscraper was built on a solid foundation .
the station is located between these two towns .
the sudden death of his brother surprised them .
the terrible scene sent shivers down his spine .
the train station will be closed from tomorrow .
there are many interesting people in the world .
there is an urgent need for affordable housing .
there is an urgent need for experienced pilots .
there is an urgent need for qualified teachers .
there seems to be no possibility of compromise .
there was absolutely no furniture in that room .
there's something important i need to tell you .
they entered into a discussion about the issue .
they have practiced this custom for many years .
they shouldn't let children swim in that river .
they were disappointed that you could not come .
this science - fiction novel is very interesting .
this telephone is connected to the fax machine .
tom certainly had an interesting story to tell .
tom doesn't know where mary buys her groceries .
tom graduated from high school three years ago .
tom has never lived anywhere other than boston .
tom immigrated to australia when he was thirty .
tom knew mary's husband before she got married .
tom told mary that their relationship was over .
we could really use another person around here .
we debated on the question of world population .
we estimate the damage at one thousand dollars .
we learned why the french revolution broke out .
we shall try to answer the following questions .
we treated him in the politest manner possible .
we're investigating the deaths of tom and mary .
we're trying to have a serious discussion here .
we've been working on this problem all weekend .
we've now been together for nearly three years .
when he finished speaking , everyone was silent .
women feel that men are often very complicated .
you must exercise more care in writing english .
you ought to ask for your teacher's permission .
you should always wash your hands before meals .
you're exposing yourself to a lot of criticism .
you're probably tired after such a long flight .
you're the most beautiful woman i've ever seen .
young people are prone to fall into temptation .
your philosophy of life is different than mine .
a bunch of people were standing outside waiting .
a careful reader would have noticed the mistake .
a guide conducted the visitors round the museum .
after a while passion and infatuation ooze away .
after much consideration , we accepted his offer .
all the passengers got seasick during the storm .
although he's young , he's an outstanding doctor .
anyone who criticizes him is asking for trouble .
are there any english magazines in this library ?
basketball was my favorite sport in high school .
can eating just vegetables help you lose weight ?
can you understand the meaning of this sentence ?
churches are designated on the map with crosses .
could you recommend a nice restaurant near here ?
did you go straight home after school yesterday ?
digital music is becoming more and more popular .
don't think i don't appreciate what you've done .
eating yogurt with a fork is somewhat difficult .
everybody was anxious to know what had happened .
everything is working out just as tom predicted .
families began to have fewer and fewer children .
full religious freedom is assured to all people .
generally speaking , men are stronger than women .
german shepherds are good at sniffing out drugs .
have you already tried not thinking of anything ?
having a telephone helped her find more clients .
he applies this principle to everything in life .
he departed for london the day before yesterday .
he has been drinking steadily since his divorce .
he has engaged in religious activity since then .
he has only a superficial knowledge of japanese .
he learned the news while reading the newspaper .
he needs proper medical attention at a hospital .
he showed his disapproval by raising an eyebrow .
he stressed the convenient aspects of city life .
he translated homer from the greek into english .
he went to america to study american literature .
her husband also wanted custody of the children .
here is a list of moderately priced restaurants .
how many letters does the russian alphabet have ?
i didn't mean to eavesdrop on your conversation .
i found out something interesting today at work .
i have an extremely tight schedule for tomorrow .
i leave home before eight o'clock every morning .
i received your letter the day before yesterday .
i recommend a thorough checkup for your husband .
i think there's something you're not telling me .
i'll be returning to boston sometime next month .
i'll help you prevent that from happening again .
i'm really looking forward to my birthday party .
i'm sorry to interrupt you while you're talking .
i'm thinking about visiting my friend next year .
i've got tom's address somewhere on my computer .
i've never been to a professional baseball game .
it looks like they're satisfied with the result .
let's change into our swimsuits and go swimming .
many criminals in america are addicted to drugs .
many people use cash machines to withdraw money .
many young people don't listen to radio anymore .
mass production reduced the price of many goods .
more and more students are joining the protests .
museums do a pretty good job preserving history .
my parents hardly ever punished me for anything .
new york city policemen wear dark blue uniforms .
oprah winfrey has great influence over her fans .
paparazzi thronged both sides of the red carpet .
please forgive me for not answering your letter .
please mail this form to your insurance company .
saint patrick's day is celebrated on march 17th .
several bridges have been damaged or swept away .
sexual harassment has now become a social issue .
she was ashamed of herself for her carelessness .
she was very worried about her husband's health .
she'd rather be spending time with someone else .
that exercise is good for the abdominal muscles .
that movie isn't as interesting as the original .
the agenda for the meeting has been distributed .
the assassin smothered his victim with a pillow .
the button battery for my computer's timer died .
the colonists bartered with the natives for fur .
the commission concluded that the answer was no .
the company decided to hire two new secretaries .
the coral reef is the region's prime attraction .
the explorers made their way through the jungle .
the gallows were already standing on the square .
the meeting was canceled because of the typhoon .
the old lady climbed the stairs with difficulty .
the pirates buried their treasure in the ground .
the police accused her of texting while driving .
the police officer put handcuffs on the suspect .
the product of two negative numbers is positive .
the reports of my death are greatly exaggerated .
the snow prevented the airplane from taking off .
the stated price does not include labor charges .
the train for birmingham leaves from platform 3 .
the train was delayed because of heavy snowfall .
the warranty doesn't cover normal wear and tear .
the whereabouts of the suspect is still unknown .
there are many americans who can speak japanese .
there are many japanese restaurants in new york .
there was no indication that anything was wrong .
there's a possibility that the man was murdered .
there's a problem with the plane's landing gear .
they announced that they were getting a divorce .
they found gunshot residue on the victim's hand .
this author is critical of the mainstream media .
tom certainly doesn't seem to mind helping mary .
tom claims he can accurately predict the future .
tom didn't know that mary couldn't speak french .
tom doesn't know where mary usually goes skiing .
tom doesn't often do his homework before dinner .
tom expected mary to believe everything he said .
tom thought that mary was having money problems .
traveling was much more difficult in those days .
trying to find happiness only makes you unhappy .
we have little money available for the research .
we have to take this problem into consideration .
we should not put restrictions on foreign trade .
we talked about everything we could think about .
we're in the process of remodelling our kitchen .
what do your children usually eat for breakfast ?
whatever doesn't kill us only makes us stronger .
where do you suppose you'll spend your vacation ?
who was it that bought those pictures yesterday ?
you can't just come here without an appointment .
you cannot kill yourself by holding your breath .
you should have a doctor examine your condition .
you should have introduced yourself to the girl .
you should have refused such an unfair proposal .
you want answers to questions you shouldn't ask .
you'll soon get accustomed to this cold weather .
you're the most incredible person i've ever met .
according to the newspaper , he committed suicide .
against all expectations , we became good friends .
are you doing something special on your birthday ?
are you seriously thinking about eating all that ?
are you sure that you haven't forgotten anything ?
bradford is arguably the ugliest town in britain .
cambodia appealed to the united nations for help .
can anyone vouch for your whereabouts last night ?
can you understand the meaning of this paragraph ?
children under three are admitted free of charge .
does a child's musical talent depend on heredity ?
don't let anything stand between you and success .
don't you smell something burning in the kitchen ?
don't you think most japanese students work hard ?
everyone is looking forward to watching the game .
everyone should be able to express their opinion .
everywhere you look you can see children playing .
four percent inflation is forecast for this year .
full body scanners were installed at the airport .
have you finished your preparations for the trip ?
he always speaks of the government with contempt .
he commanded me to leave the bedroom immediately .
he contracted malaria while living in the jungle .
he criticized the war after leaving the military .
he is carrying out experiments in his laboratory .
he negotiated a free trade agreement with canada .
he would sit for hours reading detective stories .
he's nothing special . just another working stiff .
her birthday party will be held tomorrow evening .
his family dates back to the seventeenth century .
how about starting again from the very beginning ?
how did you reach such an interesting conclusion ?
i can't explain the difference between those two .
i can't help feeling something's not quite right .
i don't have a prejudice against foreign workers .
i don't think that anybody really understands me .
i found the secret compartment quite by accident .
i haven't eaten anything substantial in 48 hours .
i hope your assignment in england was successful .
i received a letter written in english yesterday .
i spent all yesterday afternoon cleaning my room .
i spent two hours watching television last night .
i was going to suggest the following possibility .
i will provide you all the necessary information .
i would like to improve my english pronunciation .
i'll travel across europe by bicycle this summer .
i'm beginning to understand why tom loves boston .
i'm fairly certain that's what's going to happen .
in general , consumers prefer quantity to quality .
inhabitants were not permitted to enter the area .
jet planes fly much faster than propeller planes .
most swiss citizens speak two or three languages .
mother insists that i should eat more vegetables .
my decision to study abroad surprised my parents .
my grandmother is always complaining of the cold .
my grandmother never changed her style of living .
my teacher encouraged me to fulfill my ambitions .
paris wouldn't be paris without the eiffel tower .
push the red button if something strange happens .
read this passage and translate it into japanese .
she divorced him after many years of unhappiness .
she handed me the letter without saying anything .
she started pursuing him before he became famous .
stop pretending that everything's okay . it's not .
ten people were slightly injured in the accident .
the accident took place the day before yesterday .
the bishop took pity on the desperate immigrants .
the cops are searching for the missing documents .
the doctor examined over fifty patients that day .
the instrument panel has a very ergonomic layout .
the mayor didn't like what the journalists wrote .
the outcome depends entirely on your own efforts .
the priest's cassock billowed gently in the wind .
the property was divided equally among the heirs .
the salesman demonstrated how to use the machine .
the stockholders are making money hand over fist .
the thermometer says it's thirty degrees in here .
the whole neighborhood was surprised at the news .
there is an urgent need for better communication .
there isn't much butter left in the refrigerator .
there wasn't much news in last night's newspaper .
these are just routine questions we ask everyone .
they know the importance of protecting the earth .
they were transferred from one office to another .
this book hasn't yet been translated into french .
this investment is the opportunity of a lifetime .
this is an institution for the criminally insane .
tom and mary have adopted a minimalist lifestyle .
tom and mary have different philosophies of life .
tom didn't think that anyone would recognize him .
tom doesn't spend much time thinking about money .
tom seldom makes mistakes when writing in french .
we can not learn japanese without learning kanji .
we learn something new about ourselves every day .
we sometimes judge others based on their actions .
we were supposed to help tom yesterday afternoon .
we're looking for an apartment with two bedrooms .
will she forgive him for forgetting her birthday ?
you can't buy anything interesting in this store .
you should practice playing the violin every day .
you shouldn't take the things tom says seriously .
you'd better eat everything that's on your plate .
a lack of sleep affected the singer's performance .
according to the thermometer , it's thirty degrees .
all passengers are required to show their tickets .
can you at least pretend you're enjoying yourself ?
declawing cats is forbidden in the european union .
few people can speak a foreign language perfectly .
few students are interested in reading this novel .
he cleared his throat before starting the lecture .
he doesn't even remember what happened last night .
he finished drinking one beer and ordered another .
he got all his information from secondary sources .
he is busy preparing for the entrance examination .
he is one of the american presidential candidates .
he placed emphasis on the importance of education .
he spoke slowly enough for everyone to understand .
how many medals did the japanese athletes collect ?
how many of shakespeare's tragedies have you read ?
i couldn't make myself understood well in english .
i didn't factor those variables into the equation .
i have underestimated the strength of my opponent .
i spent the whole afternoon chatting with friends .
i suspected that something like this might happen .
i think there has been some misunderstanding here .
i wanted to apologize for what happened yesterday .
i was watching television when the telephone rang .
i'm getting pretty tired of driving every morning .
many flights were canceled because of the typhoon .
many people encouraged me to fulfill my ambitions .
moral leadership is more powerful than any weapon .
my big brother finished his homework very quickly .
my sister has made remarkable progress in english .
playing russian roulette isn't really a good idea .
please leave your message on my answering machine .
railroad service was suspended because of the fog .
she complained that the picture was too revealing .
she raised an important objection to his argument .
she spends time with her grandmother every sunday .
she spoke out strongly against cruelty to animals .
smoking is now prohibited on all domestic flights .
some families spend their vacation near the beach .
sometimes trying your best just isn't good enough .
that mountain is about three thousand meters high .
that's the worst thing that could possibly happen .
the bill was approved by an overwhelming majority .
the company has unofficially decided to employ me .
the company manufactures a variety of paper goods .
the criticism of the actor's performance was just .
the news of the mayor's resignation traveled fast .
the police found tom's fingerprint on the trigger .
the wedding ceremony was performed in the morning .
the workmen arrived early , bringing their ladders .
there are thirty students in the beginner's group .
there was a large audience at yesterday's concert .
there's a fine line between bravery and stupidity .
there's no denying the harmful effects of smoking .
they gave him both material and spiritual support .
they had to find the strongest candidate possible .
they prefer the shadows rather than the spotlight .
tom began to suspect something wasn't quite right .
tom helped his mother decorate the christmas tree .
tom said he regretted not following mary's advice .
tom was apparently murdered while he was sleeping .
tom was obviously worried about what might happen .
we should have paid attention to the announcement .
we shouldn't accept his explanation at face value .
we've been through tougher times than this before .
what time will the washing machine repairman come ?
what's wrong with running around your house naked ?
whoever gets home first starts cooking the supper .
willingness to correct is an indication of wisdom .
you should be careful not to become overconfident .
you should protect your eyes from direct sunlight .
you shouldn't go around telling lies about people .
you were working yesterday afternoon , weren't you ?
you would look stupid wearing your mother's dress .
you're never going to believe what happened today .
accidents will happen when they are least expected .
activists try to prevent disease in poor countries .
approximately 300 houses were built here last year .
are you seriously thinking about driving all night ?
are you seriously thinking about getting a divorce ?
are you seriously thinking about quitting your job ?
children's laughter could be heard in the distance .
don't complicate the problem by raising new issues .
either stop talking or say something worth hearing .
elephants are the largest land animals alive today .
expensive meals can't compensate for lack of sleep .
for some reason the microphone didn't work earlier .
he belittles others to make himself feel important .
he denounced all forms of dishonesty in government .
he has squandered every opportunity i've given him .
he is extremely pessimistic and has no aspirations .
he postponed leaving for hokkaido until next month .
how much do you know about artificial intelligence ?
huge numbers of soldiers and civilians were killed .
i appreciate your answering my enquiry so promptly .
i can't believe that's what's really bothering tom .
i can't believe that's what's really troubling tom .
i can't believe we've finally finished the project .
i don't use taxis unless it's absolutely necessary .
i'd like some information about your new computers .
it is difficult for beginners to enjoy windsurfing .
it is impossible to substitute machines for people .
it's dangerous to expose babies to strong sunlight .
many sects have initiation rituals for new members .
many young people go abroad during summer vacation .
metal spoons are generally made of stainless steel .
more money for education will spur economic growth .
my grandfather cannot walk without a walking stick .
my uncle has completely recovered from his illness .
opportunities like this don't come along every day .
people can easily tell the difference between them .
please remove your shoes before entering the house .
real friends stick together through thick and thin .
she bears an uncanny resemblance to marilyn monroe .
she is always complaining about something or other .
she used skype frequently because she was overseas .
the united states is abundant in natural resources .
the castle was transformed into a marvelous museum .
the detective shadowed the suspect for four blocks .
the equator divides the earth into two hemispheres .
the housing situation shows no hope of improvement .
the new server should have much better performance .
the opposite sides of a parallelogram are parallel .
the pentagram is an important symbol in witchcraft .
the region is relatively rich in mineral resources .
the two countries do not have diplomatic relations .
theory and practice do not necessarily go together .
there were beautiful flowers on the reception desk .
they searched here and there looking for survivors .
this semester i failed two students for plagiarism .
thousands of people became victims of this disease .
wealthy older men often marry younger trophy wives .
what do you think about japan's educational system ?
what have you bought your girlfriend for christmas ?
will the government raise the consumption tax soon ?
you can't buy this medicine without a prescription .
you should always knock before entering tom's room .
you shouldn't talk about people behind their backs .
aiding and abetting the enemy is considered treason .
ancient coins were found inside the mysterious tomb .
armenia joined the world trade organization in 2003 .
atomic energy can be utilized for peaceful purposes .
attach a recent photograph to your application form .
canadian officials weighed the supplies of each man .
don't translate english into japanese word for word .
even the cleverest students can make silly mistakes .
frankly speaking , this novel isn't very interesting .
grandmother looks after the children during the day .
he has recently made remarkable progress in english .
he was a former university professor and researcher .
he'll never achieve anything unless he works harder .
his son's criminal activities caused him great pain .
how did you become interested in studying languages ?
i really don't understand what you're talking about .
i'll provide you with all the necessary information .
i'm getting pretty bored with driving every morning .
industrial countries require a lot of skilled labor .
instant noodles are a staple among college students .
let's continue working together to make that happen .
let's not forget that tom doesn't understand french .
many children stay after school for club activities .
our education system needs to be seriously revamped .
singers use microphones to make their voices louder .
the hermitage museum is located in saint petersburg .
the internet is an invaluable source of information .
the japanese government can't cope with the problem .
the doctor reassured me about my father's condition .
the government collapsed after a vote in parliament .
the government should invest more money in industry .
the three gunshot victims are in critical condition .
the tree's root system stretches over thirty meters .
the two countries are engaged in biological warfare .
their modest income doesn't allow for many luxuries .
there are around three thousand mosques in istanbul .
we shouldn't judge people based on their appearance .
you can't accomplish anything without taking a risk .
you should acquaint yourself with the local customs .
a polite manner is characteristic of japanese people .
air pollution prevents some plants from growing well .
american kitchens are much bigger than japanese ones .
are you seriously thinking about selling this online ?
are you suggesting that it's beyond my comprehension ?
flash photography is not permitted beyond this point .
haiti is a nation that seems hopelessly impoverished .
he breathed deeply before entering his boss's office .
he made many grammatical mistakes in his composition .
his long absences were starting to provoke suspicion .
i always have difficulty in making myself understood .
i canceled my appointment because of urgent business .
i've been given permission to inspect this equipment .
injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere .
mathematics is not just the memorization of formulas .
more and more married couples share household chores .
one man's terrorist is another man's freedom fighter .
pershing's forces were not sent directly into battle .
properly used , certain poisons will prove beneficial .
she absolutely trounces me whenever we play scrabble .
she always prides herself on her academic background .
she argued with him about their children's education .
she cherishes the precious memories of her childhood .
she has recently made remarkable progress in english .
she's completely blasé about the dangers of smoking .
the general ordered the deployment of two battalions .
the government should do away with these regulations .
the recent frequency of earthquakes makes us nervous .
the rescue party searched for the missing passengers .
the teacher demonstrated the idea with an experiment .
we closed the restaurant three hours early yesterday .
we should have taken the schedule into consideration .
you should assume that email messages aren't private .
you shouldn't let your girlfriend borrow your iphone .
ancient archeological sites are under threat in syria .
he attended the meeting as our company representative .
he attended the meeting as the company representative .
i can't believe you're taking pictures of cockroaches .
i cannot disclose any information about the informant .
i finally understand the basic principles of calculus .
i've grown tired of watching this uninteresting match .
making amends is the first step toward rehabilitation .
my husband reads the newspaper while eating breakfast .
no one liked president buchanan's message to congress .
parents should spend quality time with their children .
she began doing her homework immediately after dinner .
she made some derogatory remarks about her colleagues .
she's been severely traumatized by bullying at school .
some people see a conspiracy behind almost everything .
team members are provided with equipment and uniforms .
that restaurant prepares two thousand meals every day .
the industrial revolution took place first in england .
the senator denied repeated requests for an interview .
the teacher called the students in alphabetical order .
the translation is extremely faithful to the original .
there's no entertainment for young people around here .
tom bought an expensive christmas present for himself .
we saw an interesting program on television yesterday .
you might want to childproof those electrical sockets .
does an electric wheelchair require a driver's license ?
expedited delivery will cost an additional ten dollars .
he dislikes unexpectedness and emergencies of any kind .
he has powerful connections in the publishing industry .
he spoke with a softness characteristic of southerners .
many revolutions have aimed to abolish the aristocracy .
my father often falls asleep while watching television .
sanitary conditions in the refugee camps were terrible .
several thousand people became victims of this disease .
she's in total denial about her husband's philandering .
small enterprises are feeling the squeeze of inflation .
the soviet troops started to withdraw from afghanistan .
the doctor continued to observe the patient's behavior .
the government should invest more money in agriculture .
the recent coffee shortage brought about many problems .
there are people who think pineapples grow underground .
they don't let anyone enter without special permission .
this encyclopaedia is convenient for looking up things .
thousands of people were deceived by the advertisement .
african elephants have bigger ears than asian elephants .
everybody took a hostile attitude toward illegal aliens .
fingernails grow nearly four times faster than toenails .
he is good at solving complicated mathematical problems .
mankind will succeed in using nuclear energy peacefully .
many international conferences have been held in geneva .
some prominent tennis players behave like spoiled brats .
the governor was surprised by the commission's response .
the industry is heavily dependent on government funding .
the president ignored the protesters outside his office .
the structural integrity of the building is compromised .
they are negotiating to reach a satisfactory compromise .
this cookbook has recipes for every imaginable occasion .
tom certainly couldn't have succeeded without your help .
tom clearly doesn't understand what we're talking about .
your suggestion seems irrelevant to our discussion here .
children imitate their friends rather than their parents .
despite adversity , the architect achieved worldwide fame .
he countered their proposal with a surprising suggestion .
he usually looks through the newspapers before breakfast .
industrialization often goes hand in hand with pollution .
she was completely nonplussed by his unexpected behavior .
shouldn't you overlook his indiscretions and forgive him ?
some people read the newspaper while watching television .
the cabinet minister ended up submitting his resignation .
there's a convenience store diagonally across the street .
there's a fine line between assertiveness and aggression .
you're probably too young to understand what's happening .
airplanes enable people to travel great distances rapidly .
computers are capable of doing extremely complicated work .
i think skateboards are usually cheaper than rollerblades .
some teenagers smashed our pumpkins just before halloween .
the family assimilated quickly into their new environment .
tom doesn't understand because he wasn't paying attention .
nearly a thousand people participated in the demonstration .
scientists can easily compute the distance between planets .
the thermometer is an instrument for measuring temperature .
a violent thought instantly brings violent bodily movements .
the local newspaper is endorsing the conservative candidate .
the prevention of forest fires is everyone's responsibility .
delegates from many countries participated in the conference .
he's an accredited representative of the canadian government .
mental exercise is particularly important for young children .
portugal has decriminalized the personal possession of drugs .
several dozen young people participated in the demonstration .
this child solved the complicated mathematics problem easily .
the celebrations culminated in a spectacular fireworks display .
you shouldn't read people's private letters without permission .
modern science has turned many impossibilities into possibilities .
the exhibition offers profound insights into ancient civilization .
prepositions generally cause problems for foreign language students .
civilization is the limitless multiplication of unnecessary necessities .
" trust me , " he said .
is it a yes or a no ?
tom gets up at 6 : 30 .
" i forgot , " she said .
i owe him 50 , 000 yen .
i sent you an e - mail .
it only costs $ 10 . 00 !
ok , i think i get it .
ok , i think i got it .
he gave me 10 , 000 yen .
hey , i got you a beer .
is it ok if i hug you ?
is it a boy or a girl ?
it scared me , too , ok ?
this mink cost $ 3 , 000 .
tom went home at 6 : 30 .
do you like my t - shirt ?
i did what i had to do .
i go as often as i can .
i got an a on my essay .
i had a good time , too .
i had to do what i did .
i had to give it a try .
i try to do what i can .
in a sense , it is true .
is it ok if i kiss you ?
is it ok if i sit here ?
so , how did he like it ?
well , i have to go now .
where were you on 9 / 11 ?
" shut up , " he whispered .
can i talk to you a sec ?
do me a favor , will you ?
draw a line from a to b .
excuse me . may i get by ?
he is a bit of a coward .
he is a man of his word .
he isn't at home , is he ?
i can ride a horse , too .
i didn't do this , did i ?
i had a run of bad luck .
i had no one to talk to .
i had no one to turn to .
i had to give it a shot .
i hope that i can do it .
i just do what i can do .
i must do that , i think .
i saw the car hit a man .
i want to do it for you .
i want to get rid of it .
i want to go to the zoo .
i want to help if i can .
i want to help you , tom .
i want you to let me go .
i'm busy , so i can't go .
if you wish , you can go .
is this a tax - free shop ?
it is i who am to blame .
it is time to go to bed .
like i said , i was busy .
may i go out for a walk ?
no , thank you . i'm full .
she is as busy as a bee .
she is as young as i am .
that is of no use to me .
tom can do it , can't he ?
we lost , but we had fun .
we still can ’ t see it .
what do i get out of it ?
you have to do as i say .
" i forgot , " she answered .
a dog bit her on the leg .
call me at 9 : 00 tomorrow .
can i at least get a hug ?
can we say no to the usa ?
can you do it in one day ?
did tom ask you to do it ?
do i have to do this now ?
do you know how old i am ?
do you know how to do it ?
do you mind if i ask why ?
do you mind if i come in ?
do you mind if i join in ?
do you not know who i am ?
give me a call later , ok ?
he did what he had to do .
he died at the age of 70 .
he has made me what i am .
he is a man of few words .
he loves me for who i am .
he was knee - deep in snow .
how can i get rid of him ?
how do you know who i am ?
how far do we have to go ?
i am able to drive a car .
i am at a loss for words .
i beg you to let me live .
i can do a lot of things .
i can run as fast as tom .
i caught a carp in a net .
i do want to go with you .
i feed my dog once a day .
i had to do it by myself .
i have a book in my hand .
i have a lot to do today .
i have a stuffed - up nose .
i have an ache in my arm .
i have no idea who he is .
i have no one to help me .
i have no one to talk to .
i have to go talk to tom .
i have to go to the bank .
i have to go to the city .
i have to go to work now .
i have to say i envy you .
i just want you to be ok .
i keep a rabbit as a pet .
i know what i want to do .
i made my son a new suit .
i met him on my way home .
i need to find a way out .
i ran as fast as i could .
i saw a man with a child .
i see a bird on the roof .
i see a book on the desk .
i take a bath once a day .
i take my hat off to you .
i think he is a good man .
i used to work in a bank .
i want you to be with me .
i want you to talk to me .
i wanted to see you , too .
i was on a trip to india .
i was too tired to go on .
i will go , rain or shine .
i will make a man of you .
i will not let you do it .
i'm not a baby , you know !
i'm not as rich as i was .
if it's fun , i will stay .
if you can , come with us .
if you want to , we'll go .
in a word , life is short .
in a word , she is guilty .
is this a duty - free shop ?
it is he who is to blame .
it was a big help for me .
it wasn't me . it was tom .
let me have a look at it .
may i ask a favor of you ?
may i eat a little of it ?
may i have a piece of it ?
may i see a menu , please ?
my aim is to be a doctor .
no one can get in or out .
no one can help you , tom .
now i am too old to walk .
the dog was hit by a car .
this is a dead - end alley .
this is all he has to do .
tom bet $ 300 on the game .
tom is at work , isn't he ?
tom was like a son to me .
we can't be sure , can we ?
when i run , i get sweaty .
who put a frog in my bed ?
why did it have to be me ?
why did it have to be us ?
why do i have to do that ?
why do you have to do it ?
you can do it if you try .
you can't do it , can you ?
you don't get it , do you ?
you need to go on a diet .
a cat can see in the dark .
a few days later , he came .
after a while , he came to .
all at once , he spoke out .
and then , what did you do ?
any one of us could do it .
as for me , i am satisfied .
at last , it began to rain .
be sure to drop me a line .
come in . the door is open .
come on ! give me a chance .
come on , drinks are on me .
do i have to go right now ?
do i need to go right now ?
do not tell me what to do .
do you have a lot of time ?
do you mind if i join you ?
do you mind if we come in ?
do you take me for a fool ?
do you want me to ask tom ?
do you want me to go home ?
do you want to go to jail ?
do you want to look at it ?
do you want to see my cat ?
don't worry . i can fix it .
for me , they are the best .
for me , time is not money .
go on , tom , i'm listening .
he asked me out on a date .
he can run as fast as you .
he got the job by a fluke .
he had a book in his hand .
he had a mad crush on you .
he has a cat and two dogs .
he is like a father to me .
he is no good as a lawyer .
he is soon to be a father .
he is unable to buy a car .
he owes me a lot of money .
he seldom , if ever , comes .
he tied the dog to a tree .
he used to be a quiet man .
he was too shy to do that .
how do i get to the beach ?
how do i make you go away ?
how do you put up with it ?
how old do you think i am ?
i am bored out of my mind .
i am hers and she is mine .
i am now in an old castle .
i am ready to go with you .
i am sorry for what i did .
i am very glad to see you .
i asked her out on a date .
i ate a hot dog for lunch .
i blame you for this , tom .
i can be there in an hour .
i can now die a happy man .
i can put things in a box .
i can see it in your eyes .
i can swim as well as you .
i can't do that on my own .
i can't do this on my own .
i do it because i have to .
i do it because i want to .
i do not mind what you do .
i do things in my own way .
i don't know how old i am .
i don't know how to do it .
i don't know why i did it .
i don't mind if i get wet .
i don't think i can do it .
i doubt if he is a lawyer .
i feed my dog twice a day .
i gave my old coat to tom .
i go where i'm told to go .
i grew up in a small town .
i had no idea who she was .
i had no place else to go .
i had to get out of there .
i have a dog and two cats .
i have a fear of the dark .
i have a lot of bad teeth .
i have a lot of work here .
i have a stone in my shoe .
i have an idea for a song .
i have no idea where i am .
i have to do it by myself .
i have to get out of here .
i have to go back to work .
i have to go to a meeting .
i have to go to my office .
i have to look for my pen .
i have to put my shoes on .
i heard you got a new car .
i just want to find a cab .
i know a man who can help .
i know all i need to know .
i know how to drive a car .
i know that i do not know .
i know what is in the box .
i left as soon as i could .
i left in kind of a hurry .
i lost my way in new york .
i may be gone for a while .
i need to ask you a favor .
i need to be here all day .
i need to get out of here .
i need to get out of town .
i need to talk to you now .
i put on my shoes at once .
i read a book as i walked .
i saw a shape in the dark .
i saw it with my own eyes .
i saw the figure of a man .
i saw you with a tall boy .
i think i know who did it .
i thought i had a day off .
i told her not to be late .
i told him not to be late .
i told you i didn't do it .
i told you not to do that .
i took care of it for you .
i took him out for a walk .
i tried to do all i could .
i used to be fat like you .
i want a room with a view .
i want it to be a success .
i want to buy my car back .
i want to buy you a drink .
i want to do this at home .
i want to find a good job .
i want to get out of here .
i want to get to know you .
i want to give you a gift .
i want to hear you say it .
i want to know what it is .
i want to see how it ends .
i want to stay a few days .
i want you out of my life .
i want you out of my room .
i want you to be my coach .
i want you to call it off .
i want you to help me die .
i want you to sing a song .
i want you to sit with me .
i want you to sleep on it .
i want you to talk to tom .
i want you to wait for me .
i was almost hit by a car .
i was at a loss for words .
i was going to take a nap .
i was in bed with the flu .
i was in way over my head .
i was nearly hit by a car .
i was not sure what to do .
i wash my car once a week .
i will be back in an hour .
i will do it by all means .
i wish i had wings to fly .
i wish i knew what it was .
i wish i knew what to say .
i wonder if we can get in .
i would like a cup of tea .
i would take it as a sign .
i'd like to buy a new car .
i'd like to go for a walk .
i'd like to go to my room .
i'd like to help if i can .
i'd take it if i were you .
i'll be as quick as i can .
i'll be with you in a sec .
i'll do it , if you insist .
i'll fix you a cup of tea .
i'm at the end of my rope .
i'm here to do what i can .
i'm not sure if he saw it .
i'm not what i used to be .
i'm so happy for you , tom .
i'm sorry , i don't buy it .
if you don't eat , you die .
if you heat ice , it melts .
if you want to talk , talk .
in a sense , you are right .
in case of fire , dial 119 .
is there a lot left to do ?
is this a pen or a pencil ?
is this all you have , sir ?
it costs an arm and a leg .
it is good to be a winner .
it is too early to get up .
it is too good to be true .
it is wrong to tell a lie .
it may or may not be true .
it was a great blow to us .
it was the only way to go .
it will be very , very hot .
it's ok to be scared , tom .
let's take the 4 : 10 train .
mary is as tall as tom is .
may i have a look at that ?
my wish is to be a singer .
not a soul was to be seen .
not a star was to be seen .
on sunday , i go to church .
one of us will have to go .
out of sight , out of mind .
ready or not , here i come .
she got a job as a typist .
she had no one to turn to .
she has about 2 , 000 books .
she has her arm in a cast .
she has no one to turn to .
she is in bed with a cold .
show me the way , will you ?
tell me what i have to do .
that book costs 3 , 000 yen .
the truth is i told a lie .
this book costs 3 , 000 yen .
this has got to be a joke .
this is what i want to do .
this movie is rated pg - 13 .
tom and i have work to do .
tom is not going to do it .
tom isn't as fast as i am .
tom isn't as tall as i am .
tom , do you still love me ?
we don't want that , do we ?
we fixed the price at $ 15 .
we have a bit of time now .
we have a half - dozen eggs .
we lost a lot on that job .
we need to get rid of tom .
we need to work as a team .
well , tom , you were right .
what can i do to help you ?
what did i ever do to you ?
what do you need me to do ?
what do you want me to do ?
who is younger , him or me ?
why did you do this to me ?
why does it have to be me ?
will i be able to find it ?
you aren't a spy , are you ?
you can go if you want to .
you can swim , but i can't .
you can't see me , can you ?
you guys are a lot of fun .
you have a kid , don't you ?
you have to ask me for it .
you have to get rid of it .
you must do as i tell you .
you seem to be a kind man .
3 to the third power is 27 .
a crow is as black as coal .
a few minutes is all i ask .
add a bit of sugar , please .
all of us got into the car .
are you going to go or not ?
at last , i passed the test .
can i have a bit more milk ?
can i have a word with you ?
can i see you in my office ?
can you call a taxi for me ?
come on , don't be a coward !
come on , shake hands , boys !
did he tell you what to do ?
did you go to see a doctor ?
do i have to come home now ?
do i have to make a speech ?
do i need to go right away ?
do we have to be so formal ?
do we have to take the bus ?
do we need to wait for her ?
do you go to school by bus ?
do you know how to do this ?
do you know what day it is ?
do you mind if i park here ?
do you mind if i stay here ?
do you mind if i tag along ?
do you mind if we join you ?
do you mind if we sit down ?
do you think i want to die ?
do you want a drink or not ?
do you want me to be happy ?
do you want me to help you ?
do you want to be left out ?
do you want to bet on that ?
do you want to do it again ?
do you want to do this now ?
do you want to make a deal ?
do you want to see my room ?
do you want us to call you ?
does he want to look at it ?
either he is wrong or i am .
excuse me , but i feel sick .
excuse me , what time is it ?
finally , i have my own car .
get up as early as you can .
he asked her out on a date .
he asked me if i was happy .
he began to look for a job .
he cut off a slice of meat .
he did the work on his own .
he fell ill a few days ago .
he felt a pain in his back .
he grew up in a small town .
he has a butler and a cook .
he has no house to live in .
he has no right to do this .
he has two sons , i believe .
he held a pen in his hands .
he held out his hand to me .
he hit a ball with the bat .
he is a good husband to me .
he is a man of noble birth .
he is eager to go to china .
he is in front of the door .
he is there for a few days .
he isn't able to buy a car .
he isn't who he says he is .
he knows how to milk a cow .
he likes it when i do that .
he lived in spain , i think .
he lived in a town near by .
he lived to a ripe old age .
he looks as if he were ill .
he may not be able to come .
he put the key in the lock .
he ran as fast as he could .
he told me when to say yes .
he used me as a guinea pig .
he was a god to his people .
he was like a father to me .
he was not sure what to do .
he will be back in an hour .
he's a man you can rely on .
he's a teacher and so am i .
how am i going to get home ?
how did you know it was me ?
how do i know this is real ?
how do you intend to do it ?
how do you know what i had ?
how do you plan to help me ?
how is tom able to do that ?
how long do i have to stay ?
how long do i have to wait ?
hurry up , or we'll be late .
i added a room to my house .
i am glad to hear the news .
i am in no mood for joking .
i am just going for a walk .
i am not equal to the task .
i am not happy with my job .
i asked him if he was busy .
i asked them to fix my car .
i built my son a new house .
i can help you look for it .
i can see his hand in this .
i can stay out of your way .
i can't ask tom to do that .
i can't do it in this heat .
i can't get rid of my cold .
i can't order tom to do it .
i can't run as fast as you .
i didn't ask you on a date .
i do it because i enjoy it .
i do not like both of them .
i do things at my own pace .
i don't have a lot of time .
i don't have to say a word .
i don't know how to say it .
i don't know how to use it .
i don't know how we did it .
i don't know if i can stay .
i don't know if it is good .
i don't know if it is true .
i don't know . let me check .
i don't see what we can do .
i don't think i can fix it .
i don't want tom in my car .
i don't want to go to jail .
i don't want to go to work .
i don't want to let you go .
i feel like i'm in a dream .
i found a nice tie for tom .
i go to bed early at night .
i got him to clean my room .
i grew up in a little town .
i grew up in a mining town .
i grew up in a poor family .
i had chicken pox as a kid .
i had little to do with it .
i had the boy carry my bag .
i had to lend to him money .
i had to see it for myself .
i have a pair of red shoes .
i have a right to be happy .
i have done all that i can .
i have no time to watch tv .
i have so much to show you .
i have things i want to do .
i have to go to the toilet .
i hid it in my sock drawer .
i hope you had a nice trip .
i just felt a drop of rain .
i just have to make a call .
i just need you to help me .
i just want to talk to you .
i just want you to be safe .
i knew this was a bad idea .
i know as little as you do .
i know it's a lot of money .
i know what you want to do .
i left my card in the room .
i left my hat on the plane .
i left my phone in the car .
i like it when you do that .
i like to walk in the rain .
i lost my shoe in the fire .
i lost my way in the woods .
i lost no time in doing it .
i love to go to the movies .
i love you for who you are .
i love you just as you are .
i love you the best of all .
i must get a new suit made .
i need 30 more days to pay .
i need a five - minute break .
i need a new pair of shoes .
i need to go milk the cows .
i need to make a few calls .
i need to renew my id card .
i need you to come with me .
i never felt like i fit in .
i passed on the job to him .
i plan to go to the movies .
i play bass in a jazz band .
i put my coat on the table .
i rent a room by the month .
i saw a fly on the ceiling .
i saw a man enter the room .
i saw her a week ago today .
i saw him with my own eyes .
i slept in front of the tv .
i think tom is a nice name .
i think of you as a friend .
i think this is a bad idea .
i think you did a good job .
i took him a cup of coffee .
i tried in vain to open it .
i used to live near a park .
i usually go to bed at ten .
i waited for a bus to come .
i want to be here with you .
i want to buy a dozen eggs .
i want to buy a new camera .
i want to buy my bike back .
i want to go over it again .
i want to have my own room .
i want to know where it is .
i want to know who that is .
i want to learn how to ski .
i want to live in a castle .
i want you all out of here .
i want you out of here now .
i want you to be my friend .
i want you to come with me .
i want you to go to boston .
i want you to stay with me .
i want you to wash the car .
i wanted to show it to you .
i was born in 1988 in york .
i was off duty at the time .
i went not once , but twice .
i went to see a show today .
i will call you in an hour .
i will come if i have time .
i will go even if it rains .
i wish i could do the same .
i wish i had seen the film .
i wish i knew where he was !
i wish i were in paris now .
i wish he were on our team .
i wish we had won the game .
i would like to rent a car .
i'd like a map of the city .
i'd like to die of old age .
i'd like to do what you do .
i'd like to give it to tom .
i'd like to go to the mall .
i'd like to see you try it .
i'll come as soon as i can .
i'll go see if tom is here .
i'll put in a word for you .
i'll show you how to do it .
i'm going to buy a new car .
i'm going to go take a nap .
i'm going to go to my room .
i'm going to miss you , too .
i'm not as rich as you are .
i'm not who you think i am .
i'm sure i will find a way .
i've got news for you , tom .
i've had a good day so far .
i've made up my mind to go .
if it rains , he won't come .
if we hurry , we'll make it .
if you need help , just ask .
in other words , he is lazy .
is there a pen on the desk ?
is there a zoo in the park ?
it is cheaper to go by bus .
it is time to go to school .
it was a great shock to me .
it was here that i saw her .
it's all right . i can wait .
it's not my job to do that .
let me do my work in peace .
look , i owe you an apology .
mary is easy - going and fun .
may i have a bus route map ?
may i have a straw , please ?
may i have a talk with you ?
may i talk to you a minute ?
my cat got stuck up a tree .
my dream is to be a doctor .
my dream is to go to japan .
no one is too old to learn .
not a cloud was to be seen .
pass me the salt , will you ?
put this on my tab , please .
shall i draw a map for you ?
she asked me how old i was .
she has a rose in her hand .
she is about as tall as me .
she may have told me a lie .
she poured me a cup of tea .
she put the key in her bag .
she was a great help to me .
take it one step at a time .
tell me how i can help you .
tell me what to do with it .
the tv was on all the time .
the dog is as good as dead .
the dog was hit by a truck .
the man hit me on the head .
the pen has run out of ink .
there is a bag on the desk .
there is a key on the desk .
there is a man at the door .
there is a map on the wall .
there is a rock in my shoe .
there's a lot of chit - chat .
this is not my idea of fun .
this is why i quit the job .
this is your hat , isn't it ?
today is a good day to die .
today , i got up very early .
tom can run as fast as you .
tom died at a very old age .
tom dug a hole in the sand .
tom got rid of his old car .
tom has a good memory , too .
tom has a lot of gray hair .
tom has to work on his own .
tom is a well - known singer .
tom is able to drive a car .
tom is at school , isn't he ?
tom is due to come at noon .
tom is in a lot of trouble .
tom is in a state of shock .
tom is very late , isn't he ?
tom lied to you , didn't he ?
tom made me get out of bed .
tom showed me how to do it .
tom used to live on a farm .
tom wants to buy a new car .
tom was a great help to me .
tom , may i have some money ?
we had a rest in the shade .
we know what we have to do .
we need to get out of here .
we now know that was a lie .
we see what we want to see .
we sure had fun , didn't we ?
we want to go to the beach .
we'll find a way to use it .
what are you mad at me for ?
what did tom ask you to do ?
what did tom want us to do ?
what did it turn out to be ?
what do they want us to do ?
what do you say to my plan ?
what do you want me to say ?
what do you want to do now ?
what time do you go to bed ?
when are we going to do it ?
whenever i call , he is out .
where do i pay for the gas ?
where do you want us to go ?
who do you want to talk to ?
why are you so hard - headed ?
why did he do such a thing ?
why do you want to do this ?
why don't we call it a day ?
why don't you go on a diet ?
will you have a cup of tea ?
wow ! it's been a long time .
you and i are the same age .
you can go there in a boat .
you did what you had to do .
you lied to me , didn't you ?
you lied to us , didn't you ?
you ought to do it at once .
you were a kid once , right ?
a book is lying on the desk .
a day has twenty - four hours .
a dove is a symbol of peace .
a haiku is one type of poem .
a part of this land is mine .
a pound is a unit of weight .
a white dove is on the roof .
after work , i go right home .
are you asking me on a date ?
are you going by bus or car ?
are you sick ? you look pale .
are you sure he can do this ?
at present , he is in canada .
at times , i can't trust him .
be sure not to eat too much .
but why is it all so secret ?
can i offer you guys a ride ?
can i take a picture of you ?
can i tell you what bugs me ?
can we trust tom to do that ?
can you help me on this one ?
can you help me when i move ?
can you stay for a few days ?
can you tell me where it is ?
come to the party , will you ?
could you draw a map for me ?
could you get it for me now ?
do i have to change my diet ?
do i have to write a letter ?
do you go to school on foot ?
do you have a part time job ?
do you have any news at all ?
do you mind if i sleep here ?
do you mind if i smoke here ?
do you own a house in italy ?
do you plan to buy that car ?
do you want a cup of coffee ?
do you want a glass of soda ?
do you want me to paint you ?
do you want to come with us ?
do you want to hang with us ?
do you want to play with me ?
does he go to school by bus ?
does he have to run so fast ?
does he need to run so fast ?
don't grow up to be like me .
don't let go . hold on tight .
don't tell me . let me guess .
don't think about it . do it .
excuse me , could i get past ?
give me a copy of this book .
give me a minute , would you ?
go on , tom , we're listening .
hands up ! this is a robbery .
he asked me if i were happy .
he begged us to go with him .
he decided to give it a try .
he did not know what to say .
he did not know where to go .
he did the work in two days .
he does not have to do this .
he does not watch tv at all .
he drives a car , doesn't he ?
he flew a kite with his son .
he got a loan from the bank .
he got lost on his way here .
he has a crush on this girl .
he has a good ear for music .
he has been sick for a week .
he has my fate in his hands .
he has to be taller than me .
he is a head taller than me .
he is an old friend of mine .
he is as tall as his father .
he is giving me a hard time .
he is more clever than i am .
he is much taller than i am .
he is no match for his wife .
he is not much of an artist .
he is one of my old friends .
he is rarely in a good mood .
he is sure to pass the exam .
he is the taller of the two .
he is unfit to be a teacher .
he knows how to drive a car .
he left his keys in the car .
he lost his way in the snow .
he retired at the age of 65 .
he sat down to read a novel .
he seems to have told a lie .
he talks as if he were rich .
he threw a stone at the dog .
he told me his name was tom .
he took her out for a drive .
he wants to go out with her .
he was born to be a painter .
he will be back in a second .
he won't make it to old age .
he's better at it than i am .
he's kind of cute , isn't he ?
he's not as tall as you are .
heads i win , tails you lose .
help me and i will help you .
her eyes remind me of a cat .
her garden is a work of art .
his garden is a work of art .
how about we go for a drink ?
how are we going to do that ?
how can you be sure of that ?
how come she hung up on you ?
how did you get to know her ?
how did you get to know him ?
how do i get to the airport ?
how do i get to the library ?
how do you know what i said ?
how do you know where to go ?
how do you like my new suit ?
how do you plan to get home ?
how does it feel to be back ?
how long do you want it for ?
how much money do i owe you ?
how old do you think tom is ?
how old do you think she is ?
how on earth did you get it ?
how will i pay my debts now ?
hurry up , or you'll be late .
i also had a very good time .
i am dying for a cold drink .
i am dying to see her again .
i am loved by all my family .
i am on good terms with him .
i am proud to work with you .
i am working on my new book .
i am yours and you are mine .
i asked tom if he knew mary .
i believe i am in the right .
i can prove that i am right .
i can talk to him for hours .
i can teach you how to cook .
i can teach you how to pray .
i can teach you how to sing .
i can teach you how to swim .
i can't afford to buy a car .
i can't bear to see her cry .
i can't tell you what to do .
i can't tell you who we are .
i can't wait to be with you .
i did the job in three days .
i didn't ask you to do that .
i didn't know you had a cat .
i do like the way you think .
i do not feel like doing it .
i do not have any more time .
i do not remember any of it .
i do want to be your friend .
i don't go to school by bus .
i don't have to talk to you .
i don't know how old tom is .
i don't know how they do it .
i don't know how to do that .
i don't know how to do this .
i don't know how you did it .
i don't know if he knows it .
i don't know what i owe you .
i don't know what to do now .
i don't know why i did that .
i don't know why they do it .
i don't know why you did it .
i don't like the look of it .
i don't need a car that big .
i don't need to talk to him .
i don't need to talk to you .
i don't see your name on it .
i don't think i can do that .
i don't want tom to help me .
i don't want to do it again .
i don't want to go with you .
i don't want to talk to you .
i don't want you to do that .
i don't want you to go back .
i don't want you to go home .
i feel like going on a trip .
i felt bad about what i did .
i forgot the key to my room .
i gave him what money i had .
i gave it to the little boy .
i gave my father a silk tie .
i get dizzy when i stand up .
i get hives when i eat eggs .
i got a shave and a haircut .
i guess i just don't get it .
i had a good opinion of her .
i had a phone call from him .
i had a problem with my car .
i had no choice but to come .
i had no choice but to stay .
i had no idea you'd be here .
i had nothing to do with it .
i had to call off the party .
i had to get away from here .
i had to go to the hospital .
i hate to see you like this .
i have a ringing in my ears .
i have lots of things to do .
i have no funds in the bank .
i have no home to return to .
i have no idea how it works .
i have no idea where we are .
i have to decide what to do .
i have to talk to you alone .
i heard a knock at the door .
i hope that he will help me .
i hope you have a good time !
i hope you have a good trip .
i just want this to be over .
i just want to go to heaven .
i just want to go to school .
i just want to talk to them .
i just want you to be happy .
i know where we can get one .
i know you want to help him .
i left my keys on the table .
i like the way you treat me .
i like to fish in the river .
i live in a two story house .
i lost my way in the forest .
i love her and she loves me .
i make you nervous , don't i ?
i met an old friend of mine .
i must help her at any cost .
i must make up for the loss .
i need to jump start my car .
i need to keep my eyes open .
i need to search for my pen .
i only took a bite of bread .
i plan to stay there a week .
i ran as quickly as i could .
i really do just want to go .
i really want you to hug me .
i refuse to give up on this .
i rent a car from my friend .
i rented a boat by the hour .
i saw a girl with long hair .
i shook my head and said no .
i slept the rest of the day .
i still need to talk to tom .
i still need to talk to you .
i swim in the sea every day .
i talked to her for an hour .
i think i know where tom is .
i think tom is going to die .
i think of you all the time .
i think that tom lied to me .
i think the same as they do .
i think we have to tell tom .
i think we make a good team .
i think you need to see him .
i thought i knew what to do .
i thought tom had a day off .
i threw a stone at the bird .
i told tom not to use those .
i told her to come visit us .
i told him to come visit us .
i told you i could help you .
i told you not to come here .
i took a cab to the station .
i took an arrow in the knee .
i try not to think about it .
i try to keep a low profile .
i used to be a teacher here .
i want a room with two beds .
i want to buy a new bicycle .
i want to buy my house back .
i want to find my own place .
i want to go home and sleep .
i want to hear all about it .
i want to keep my kids safe .
i want to know what love is .
i want to know what that is .
i want to know who did that .
i want to know who sent you .
i want to know who they are .
i want to know why i'm here .
i want to lose a few pounds .
i want to make you an offer .
i want to see him very much .
i want to share it with you .
i want to sleep for a while .
i want to stay in the house .
i want to take the test now .
i want to take you to lunch .
i want to talk about it now .
i want to talk to you alone .
i want us not to get caught .
i want us to do it together .
i want us to make it happen .
i want you both to get them .
i want you out of my office .
i want you to be my manager .
i want you to be my partner .
i want you to beg for mercy .
i want you to dance with me .
i want you to do this right .
i want you to get some rest .
i warned him not to be late .
i was born in kyoto in 1980 .
i was born in osaka in 1977 .
i was off duty at that time .
i was told never to do that .
i was too busy to write you .
i was trying to talk to you .
i wasn't sure i could do it .
i will buy a car next month .
i will not see him any more .
i wish you a happy new year .
i wish you had come with us .
i wish you had told me that .
i wish you the best of luck .
i wish you were close to me .
i won't be back for a while .
i wonder why he is so angry .
i work out to stay in shape .
i would like to go to japan .
i would like to go with you .
i'd like to apply for a job .
i'd like to ask you a favor .
i'd like to buy half a cake .
i'd like to go out with you .
i'd like to know what it is .
i'd like to offer you a job .
i'd like to say a few words .
i'd like to sing you a song .
i'd like you to cut my hair .
i'd love to go out with you .
i'll act as a guide for you .
i'll do it my way this time .
i'll say what i have to say .
i'll work as long as i live .
i'm afraid i have to go now .
i'm an actress , not a model .
i'm going to miss you a lot .
i'm in the mood to talk now .
i'm not ashamed of who i am .
i'm not sure i want the job .
i'm not talking to you , tom .
i'm saving as much as i can .
i'm sorry i was rude to you .
i'm sorry , i can't help you .
i'm sorry , my father is out .
i'm taking a walk in a park .
i'm very sorry , but i can't .
i've got a rope in my trunk .
i've got a touch of the flu .
i've got so much left to do .
if you don't know , who does ?
in that case , you are right .
is tom aware of what he did ?
is it ok if i drink alcohol ?
is it made of wood or metal ?
is love just a game for you ?
is that all you want to say ?
is that enough for you , tom ?
is that what you want to do ?
is the job too much for you ?
is there a cat on the table ?
is there a man in your life ?
it has been fine for a week .
it is a nice view from here .
it is a sheer waste of time .
it is easy to work in jeans .
it is time to shut the gate .
it is unlike him to be late .
it seemed to be a good idea .
it seems to be a good house .
it was the only thing to do .
it's a great day for a hike .
it's not as bad as it seems .
it's not like it used to be .
it's not that big of a deal .
it's time for you to get up .
it ’ s a quarter past eight .
it ’ s hard to quit smoking .
just do what you have to do .
let me be the judge of that .
let me spell it out for you .
let's find a way to do that .
make it as spicy as you can .
may i have a glass of water ?
may i have a napkin , please ?
may i have the menu , please ?
may i speak to you a minute ?
may i take a picture of you ?
my dog is dreaming of a cat .
my father made me what i am .
my hair is as long as tom's .
my son is small for his age .
my uncle gave his car to me .
my wife is the boss at home .
no man is wise at all times .
no one can move the big box .
no one is going to harm you .
no one is going to hurt you .
no one knows me like you do .
oh come on , don't be scared .
please give me a cup of tea .
please send it to me by fax .
rome was not built in a day .
she asked him out on a date .
she asked me if i could sew .
she brought me a cup of tea .
she did not walk to the gym .
she gave him a lot of money .
she made a mess of the work .
she made a new suit for him .
she owes him a lot of money .
she took a sip of her drink .
she urged him to do the job .
she wants me to go with her .
she was a middle - aged woman .
she was almost hit by a car .
she was in time for the bus .
sorry , the line is busy now .
stay calm , and do your best .
stay with us for a few days .
still , the war was not over .
tell us how we may help you .
tell us what you want to do .
ten to one , he will succeed .
that brown one is mine , too .
that is what i want to know .
that's not the way i see it .
that's why i did what i did .
the boy is tall for his age .
the cap is too small for me .
the choice is all up to you .
the coat is too big for tom .
the guy with a beard is tom .
the man was bitten by a dog .
the road came to a dead end .
the roof of my house is red .
there is a hole in his sock .
there is a map on the table .
there is no air on the moon .
this bed is too soft for me .
this is a life - sized statue .
this is a new kind of melon .
this is by far the best way .
this is no time to be funny .
this is the end of my story .
this is the only one i have .
this isn't the way to do it .
this pond has a lot of carp .
tom asked me to go with him .
tom asked me why i was late .
tom can stay if he wants to .
tom didn't say a word to me .
tom had a knife in his hand .
tom had a smile on his face .
tom has a house with a pool .
tom has a scar on his cheek .
tom has a ten - speed bicycle .
tom is a decent sort of guy .
tom is in a good mood today .
tom is not yet able to swim .
tom is poor , but he's happy .
tom is really shy , isn't he ?
tom is the man of my dreams .
tom is the star of the show .
tom is very young , isn't he ?
tom may not be able to come .
tom never said a word to me .
tom said it was on his desk .
tom told me a lot about you .
tom told me to stay at home .
tom took a bite of my apple .
tom wants me to go with him .
we all want tom to be happy .
we are going to have a baby .
we came by to wish you luck .
we can talk in front of tom .
we have a lot to talk about .
we have no choice but to go .
we have no clue where he is .
we have no idea where he is .
we ran a hundred - meter dash .
we saw a castle ahead of us .
we used to play in the park .
we went to the park to play .
well , tell me what you know .
what can i get you to drink ?
what do you advise me to do ?
what do you do for a living ?
what do you do for the team ?
what do you say we go there ?
what do you think of me now ?
what else do you want to do ?
what he said is a good idea .
what if i asked you to stay ?
what is it with you , anyway ?
what is it you have in mind ?
what kind of work do you do ?
what sort of work do you do ?
what time do you go to work ?
when is a good time for you ?
where do we go after we die ?
who is the girl in your car ?
who threw a stone at my dog ?
why are you in such a hurry ?
why did you get up so early ?
why did you try to run away ?
why do you like tom so much ?
why do you put up with that ?
why do you think he said so ?
why don't we go for a drive ?
why is it such a big secret ?
why was i not aware of this ?
why would i want to do that ?
why would i want to sue you ?
will you join us for a swim ?
will you try this on for me ?
would you like a cup of tea ?
you are as white as a sheet .
you aren't as short as i am .
you can call us at any time .
you can come if you want to .
you can't let it get to you .
you didn't mean it , did you ?
you do want that , don't you ?
you don't fool me , you know .
you don't mean that , do you ?
you don't want much , do you ?
you don't want that , do you ?
you don't want this , do you ?
you have got a lot of nerve .
you have only to ask for it .
you have to go to the party .
you just have to ask for it .
you need to go to bed again .
you need to help me do this .
you only have to ask for it .
you will have to work a lot .
you've got a one - track mind .
your hand is as cold as ice .
a bee flew out of the window .
a black and white dog bit me .
a dog is a man's best friend .
a hungry man is an angry man .
a lot of trees were cut down .
a rash broke out on her neck .
a tree is known by its fruit .
after the storm , it was calm .
all of them will get a prize .
all of us like you very much .
anyone can do it if they try .
anyone who says so is a liar .
are you going to buy the car ?
are you sure you can do this ?
at last , i completed my work .
at least try to come on time .
both of them are in the room .
can i have the sugar , please ?
can i say this one last time ?
can we cut to the chase here ?
can you get by on your wages ?
can you get the door to shut ?
can you help me with my work ?
can you tell me what this is ?
can you tell us what you did ?
come home as soon as you can .
could you put these in a box ?
did tom say why he was fired ?
did they go to museum by bus ?
did you go to the last class ?
did you vote for tom or mary ?
do i have to leave a deposit ?
do i need to get the manager ?
do they take care of the dog ?
do you have jeans in my size ?
do you have to make a speech ?
do you know how to cook fish ?
do you know how to cook meat ?
do you know what the time is ?
do you like the way you look ?
do you mind if i get started ?
do you mind if i help myself ?
do you often go to see plays ?
do you think tom can find it ?
do you think about tom a lot ?
do you think he will like it ?
do you want to dance with me ?
do you want to make me happy ?
do you want to play with tom ?
do you want to watch a movie ?
does he need to go right now ?
don't scare me like that , ok ?
draw me a seven - pointed star .
dust got into one of my eyes .
excuse me , have you seen tom ?
few people know how to do it .
give me the keys to your car .
give me the keys . i'll drive .
have a look at the world map .
have fun , but don't get lost .
he asked her if she knew him .
he asked me to open the door .
he asked me what my name was .
he asked me who that man was .
he asked the man to help him .
he began to play an old song .
he can run faster than i can .
he carries a bag on his back .
he cut the meat with a knife .
he did both at the same time .
he did not turn up after all .
he did not want her to leave .
he doesn't eat this , does he ?
he found a good place for me .
he gave her a piece of paper .
he gave me a piece of advice .
he gave some milk to the cat .
he goes to the office by car .
he grew up to be an engineer .
he had his son die last year .
he had no friend to help him .
he had the nerve to say that .
he has come out of his shell .
he has earned a lot of money .
he has nothing to do with it .
he has set up a new business .
he hit his head on the shelf .
he hung his jacket on a hook .
he is a man of great ability .
he is able to swim very fast .
he is better than me at math .
he is bound to win the match .
he is going to run for mayor .
he is just right for the job .
he is known as a rock singer .
he is likely to win the game .
he is much smarter than i am .
he is my brother , not father .
he is not at all a gentleman .
he is not going to get ahead .
he is one of my best friends .
he is said to have died here .
he is the oldest of them all .
he is very eager to go there .
he is what we call a pioneer .
he is what we call a scholar .
he is working on a new novel .
he knows how to make a radio .
he let me work in his office .
he lost his way in the woods .
he made me sing on the stage .
he nodded to me as he passed .
he put a stamp on the letter .
he put the book on the shelf .
he said that i must go there .
he sat beside her on her bed .
he seems to be a kind person .
he seems to be a nice fellow .
he set fire to his own house .
he stuck the book in his bag .
he told me that she was sick .
he told me to meet him there .
he told us to depart at once .
he was able to pass the exam .
he was able to read the book .
he was killed by a land mine .
he was not able to marry her .
he was the first to help her .
he was the first to help him .
he was too busy to notice it .
he wears a bow tie every day .
he will come if you call him .
her skin is as white as snow .
hey , what was that all about ?
his new wife is about my age .
his wish is to go to america .
how are we going to find tom ?
how are you going to do that ?
how can i get to the station ?
how come you know it so well ?
how did he ever get so lucky ?
how did we get to this point ?
how did you come to know her ?
how did you get here so fast ?
how did you get to know mary ?
how did you learn to do that ?
how did your dog get in here ?
how do i eat without a spoon ?
how do you intend to do that ?
how do you know i don't know ?
how do you know what i heard ?
how do you know where i live ?
how do you like your new job ?
how do you want to handle it ?
how long does it take by bus ?
how long does it take by car ?
how long will i have to wait ?
how much is it going to cost ?
i added his name to the list .
i advised tom not to do that .
i agree with you to a degree .
i aimed my gun at the target .
i am going to be an engineer .
i am going to write a letter .
i am proud of being a doctor .
i am the leader of this team .
i am used to driving a truck .
i asked tom not to bother us .
i asked tom to drive me home .
i asked tom to wait a minute .
i asked tom to wait a moment .
i asked her to wait a minute .
i asked him to drive me home .
i asked him to leave at once .
i came to wish you good luck .
i can do more than just cook .
i can look into this for you .
i can show you a better time .
i can teach you how to drive .
i can teach you how to fight .
i can tell you're a nice guy .
i can type 50 words a minute .
i can't allow you to do that .
i can't change how tall i am .
i can't get rid of this cold .
i can't get the car to start .
i can't give up on my dreams .
i can't take my eyes off her .
i can't wait to eat the cake .
i cannot get rid of my cough .
i caught a cold two days ago .
i dare you to prove me wrong .
i did smoke when i was young .
i didn't want tom to help me .
i didn't want my mom to know .
i do not love him any longer .
i don't care how old you are .
i don't even want to be here .
i don't have any money on me .
i don't have time for a walk .
i don't have time to be sick .
i don't know how they did it .
i don't know how to help tom .
i don't know what to do here .
i don't know what to do next .
i don't know who that man is .
i don't know why i said that .
i don't know why he was late .
i don't know why he's so mad .
i don't know why you need it .
i don't like being on my own .
i don't like to be spoken to .
i don't see how i can refuse .
i don't think i can eat this .
i don't think i can help you .
i don't want tom to see that .
i don't want him to touch me .
i don't want them to go away .
i don't want to eat any more .
i don't want to get a suntan .
i don't want to go any place .
i don't want to go to school .
i don't want to miss the bus .
i don't want you to be upset .
i don't want you to enjoy it .
i don't want you to get hurt .
i feel as if i were dreaming .
i feel bad about what i said .
i feel kind of sorry for tom .
i feel like i might throw up .
i felt it was worth the risk .
i felt like my life was over .
i figured it was worth a try .
i forgot to turn off the gas !
i found him lying on the bed .
i found this note on my door .
i gave most of my money away .
i gazed at the sea for hours .
i got the book back from him .
i grew up in this small town .
i guess i could use a shower .
i guess my luck just ran out .
i guess that will have to do .
i guess that'll be up to you .
i guess that's how i'd do it .
i guess you want me to leave .
i had a bad dream last night .
i had a good time last night .
i had a hard time getting in .
i had a horrible day at work .
i had no idea what to expect .
i had nothing to do with her .
i had quite a busy day today .
i had sore legs the next day .
i had things to take care of .
i had to climb over the wall .
i had to find out for myself .
i had two copies of the book .
i hate the sound of my voice .
i have a black and white dog .
i have a feeling he is right .
i have a friend at city hall .
i have a good sense of smell .
i have a question to ask you .
i have an umbrella in my car .
i have bought a lot of books .
i have eaten a lot this week .
i have many things to do now .
i have no desire to hurt you .
i have no friends to help me .
i have no idea what you mean .
i have no time to read books .
i have not seen you for ages .
i have nothing to do with it .
i have nothing to say to you .
i have some stamps in my bag .
i have the flu and i'm tired .
i have to buy some new shoes .
i have to get away from here .
i have to go to the bathroom .
i have to study for the exam .
i have to study for the test .
i hear from him once a month .
i hear he is good at mahjong .
i heard it on the news today .
i hope it will clear up soon .
i hope that she will help me .
i hope that you will help me .
i hope that you will like it .
i insist that we do this now .
i just can't wait to do that .
i just don't know what to do .
i just want to be his friend .
i just want to hold her hand .
i just want to say good luck .
i just wanted to talk to you .
i kept the seat warm for you .
i knew then that i was right .
i knew they were on the list .
i knew we were going to lose .
i knew you'd come back to me .
i know i'm not a likable guy .
i know tom is in great shape .
i know how badly you want it .
i know how much you love tom .
i know how this looks to you .
i know none of the three men .
i know the man you came with .
i know what tom likes to eat .
i know why tom is in trouble .
i love the sound of her name .
i love you with all my heart .
i made you a pair of mittens .
i may have to work part time .
i meet him from time to time .
i met him in tokyo by chance .
i must buy a new winter coat .
i must make up for lost time .
i need you for just a second .
i never feed my dog raw meat .
i never laid a finger on her .
i only came to say i'm sorry .
i only hope i'm not too late .
i only know what you tell me .
i ought to do this by myself .
i ought to know , shouldn't i ?
i owe my success to her help .
i owe my success to his help .
i plan to tell tom about you .
i plan to write tom a letter .
i put some milk in my coffee .
i read about it in the paper .
i really need to talk to you .
i said that i would help him .
i saw a horse pulling a cart .
i saw a town in the distance .
i saw her just the other day .
i saw the boy in brown shoes .
i saw the man enter the room .
i saw you at the flower shop .
i say it's time for a change .
i see your cat in the garden .
i should get back to my seat .
i spent all day in his house .
i still have some work to do .
i suppose it was a bit silly .
i talked him out of the idea .
i think i'll go to bed early .
i think i'm going to be sick .
i think tom is afraid of you .
i think tom is in his office .
i think tom wants to see you .
i think he needs to go there .
i think it will be hot today .
i think it's going to be fun .
i think it's time to go home .
i think she is a good dancer .
i think that's up to you now .
i think we're all a bit loco .
i think we're going to be ok .
i think what you say is true .
i thought i was going to die .
i thought tom did a nice job .
i thought it was a good idea .
i thought she was 30 at most .
i thought we had a good time .
i thought you were mad at me .
i thought you were one of us .
i told tom he made a mistake .
i told you i hate that shirt .
i used to think no one cared .
i waited for him for an hour .
i want my share of the money .
i want to ask you a question .
i want to build a house here .
i want to buy a new computer .
i want to buy some ski boots .
i want to come and live here .
i want to get back to boston .
i want to go skiing with tom .
i want to go there once more .
i want to kill you right now .
i want to know all about you .
i want to know what you mean .
i want to take a closer look .
i want to take you to dinner .
i want to tell you the story .
i want to want what you want .
i want to work in a hospital .
i want you to meet my cousin .
i want you to read this book .
i wanted to say hello to tom .
i was a student at that time .
i was afraid to catch a cold .
i was born in boston in 1995 .
i was happy to hear the news .
i was happy to see her again .
i was just going to say that .
i watched an old movie on tv .
i will get in touch with you .
i will go when he comes back .
i wish i could help you more .
i wish i could sing like tom .
i wish i didn't have to work .
i wish i had a better memory .
i wish you were here with me .
i would like a cup of coffee .
i would like a word with you .
i would like to go to france .
i would love to try that out .
i would very much like to go .
i wrote my name on the paper .
i'd be happy to sing for you .
i'd be very glad if you came .
i'd do anything for you , tom .
i'd hate to be in your shoes .
i'd like a twin room , please .
i'd like to apply for a visa .
i'd like to be more like you .
i'd like to get a head start .
i'd like to get back to work .
i'd like to live in new york .
i'd like you to come with us .
i'd like you to do your best .
i'd like you to meet my wife .
i'd love to go there one day .
i'll be with you in a second .
i'll do it if you don't mind .
i'll get back to you on that .
i'll send you home in my car .
i'll wait for you in my room .
i'm a bit of a reader myself .
i'm a bit short of money now .
i'm afraid i have work to do .
i'm as ready as i'll ever be .
i'm as tired as tired can be .
i'm doing it in spite of you .
i'm glad you see it that way .
i'm going to buy you a watch .
i'm going to call it a night .
i'm going to fly to the moon .
i'm going to give tom a bath .
i'm not sure i can trust him .
i'm not sure i can trust you .
i'm on my way home from work .
i'm sorry , i can't stay long .
i'm sorry , i didn't hear you .
i'm sorry , but he isn't home .
i'm the same height as he is .
i'm too old to go to germany .
i'm used to no one liking me .
i'm using a bowl and a spoon .
i'm working as fast as i can .
i've got a friend at the irs .
i've got a friend in the fbi .
i've got a frog in my throat .
i've got a lot of good ideas .
i've got to get back to work .
i've had the time of my life .
if you don't eat , you'll die .
if you eat that you will die .
in my opinion , he is correct .
in my opinion , you are wrong .
it is a pity you cannot come .
it is about time i was going .
it is easy to read this book .
it is evident that he did it .
it is going to be quite cold .
it is not far from the hotel .
it is time to feed the sheep .
it is truly a nice day today .
it is useless to talk to him .
it looks like tom is in love .
it was just a matter of time .
it would be stupid to say no .
it'll happen , i'm sure of it .
it's a cliche , but it's true .
it's been a while , hasn't it ?
it's hard to know what to do .
it's not as bad as it sounds .
it's so nice to stay at home .
it's the size of a small car .
it's time to get out of here .
keep in mind what i tell you .
let me bring you up to speed .
let me go and buy some bread .
let's keep this a secret , ok ?
let's see if tom can help us .
let's take a 10 - minute break .
let's try to have a nice day .
life is like a game of chess .
listen to what i have to say .
may i have the check , please ?
may i have your name , please ?
may i pay with a credit card ?
mine is not so good as yours .
move up to the front , please .
mt . aso is an active volcano .
my car broke down on the way .
my cat is sleeping on my bed .
my father has a lot of books .
my father is too old to work .
my father may be at home now .
my wife had a baby last week .
needless to say , he is right .
next time , i'll do it myself .
no one asked me to come here .
no one else could do my work .
no one ever saw such a thing .
no one was on board the ship .
no one would offer him a job .
please bring me a cup of tea .
please give me a cup of milk .
put your hands up in the air !
see if the gas is turned off .
set a thief to catch a thief .
shall we add a bit more salt ?
she bought a toy for the kid .
she did her best to help him .
she gave birth to a baby boy .
she has a book under her arm .
she has a cottage by the sea .
she has a flower in her hand .
she has shown her room to me .
she is a self - educated woman .
she is almost as tall as you .
she is engaged to a rich man .
she laid her baby on the bed .
she let him drive on his own .
she spoke to me with a smile .
she wants to go out with him .
she went with him to the zoo .
she will come if you ask her .
she's better at it than i am .
sorry , i can't stay for long .
such a plan is bound to fail .
take care of the kids for me .
tell tom to stay where he is .
tell tom what you want to do .
tell me how to play the game .
thank you . we'll do our best .
that book had a lot of pages .
that is a pure waste of time .
that is what we want to know .
that old book is a real find .
that was a crazy thing to do .
that's how i got to know her .
that's the only way to do it .
that's why i have to do this .
the car was stuck in the mud .
the cat is stuck in the tree .
the chicken is a bit too dry .
the dog should be on a chain .
the duke holds a lot of land .
the ice is too hard to crack .
the man died a few hours ago .
the word is no longer in use .
there is a book on the table .
there is a boy near the door .
there is a castle in my town .
there is a cat under the bed .
there is a clock on the wall .
there is a dog on the bridge .
there is a knock at the door .
there is a threat of a storm .
there is going to be a storm .
there was a cat on the table .
there was no one left but me .
there was no one to stop tom .
they must work 8 hours a day .
this bread is hard as a rock .
this chair is too low for me .
this hat is too tight for me .
this house is too big for us .
this is the only book i have .
this is what we want to know .
this morning , i saw an angel .
this tea is too hot to drink .
this type of cat has no tail .
today , we turn ten years old .
tom and mary are at work now .
tom asked me not to help him .
tom asked me to cut his hair .
tom didn't have a lot to say .
tom does not want to be late .
tom has a soft spot for mary .
tom has been very good to me .
tom has no idea where we are .
tom is about as tall as mary .
tom is almost as old as mary .
tom is as tall as his father .
tom is at home with his wife .
tom is eager to talk to mary .
tom is in need of a vacation .
tom is more famous than i am .
tom is really busy , isn't he ?
tom is really fast , isn't he ?
tom is very proud of his son .
tom knows that i lied to him .
tom likes to go to the beach .
tom owes mary a lot of money .
tom put on his coat and left .
tom put the sign to the wall .
tom said mary did a good job .
tom says he'll be a bit late .
tom told them not to do that .
tom told us to take our time .
tom wants to go to the beach .
tom was like a brother to me .
tom was the one who found me .
tom will pay for what he did .
tom won a large sum of money .
tom won't be back for a week .
wait here . i'll be back soon .
wait . i can't walk that fast .
was there a book on the desk ?
we are going to have a storm .
we are in favor of your plan .
we both want to go to boston .
we charge a commission of 3 % .
we got off on the wrong foot .
we got to the station at six .
we have to give tom a chance .
we may as well start at once .
we might be able to help her .
we must make up for the loss .
we see what we expect to see .
we waited for him to turn up .
we want you to sing the song .
we went to the beach to swim .
we were born on the same day .
we will make up for the loss .
we'd like you to sing a song .
we'll pick tom up on the way .
we're the best at what we do .
what did you expect me to do ?
what did you want to show me ?
what did you want to tell me ?
what do i want to talk about ?
what do you have in your bag ?
what do you make of all this ?
what do you say we go skiing ?
what do you want to do today ?
what don't you want me to do ?
what is the good of doing it ?
what line of work are you in ?
what would you like me to do ?
what'll we do if tom is late ?
when i'm with you , i'm happy .
when can i see you next time ?
when do you want me to start ?
where can i buy a live tiger ?
where do you think i met her ?
which bed do you want to use ?
which hat do you want to buy ?
who am i supposed to go with ?
who am i to second guess him ?
who did you give the book to ?
who do you think that man is ?
who wants you to be the boss ?
why are you being mean to me ?
why are you doing this to me ?
why are you out at this hour ?
why are you so angry with me ?
why can't we just take a cab ?
why did you keep it a secret ?
why did you say such a thing ?
why does tom want to hurt me ?
why don't we call it a night ?
why don't we go check it out ?
why don't you go talk to him ?
why don't you look for a job ?
why don't you talk to me now ?
why don't you talk to us now ?
why on earth would i do that ?
why would i want to help tom ?
will you sell your car to me ?
would you help me if i moved ?
would you join me for a walk ?
would you join me in a drink ?
would you like a cup of milk ?
would you like to go with me ?
you and i have the same idea .
you are as tall as my sister .
you are busy now , aren't you ?
you are not a child any more .
you aren't busy now , are you ?
you can count on me any time .
you can sit down if you want .
you didn't buy that , did you ?
you do seem a little on edge .
you don't have to be so rude .
you had better go to bed now .
you have no right to be here .
you have no right to do this .
you know her name , don't you ?
you know what you have to do .
you may as well come with me .
you must not go out at night .
you said i could talk to tom .
you seem to be a kind person .
you seem to be an honest man .
you sure have a lot of nerve !
a button has come off my coat .
a doctor was sent for at once .
a dog followed me to my house .
a dolphin is a kind of mammal .
a good idea came into my head .
a good idea came into my mind .
a good sweat will cure a cold .
a new room was assigned to me .
a red dress looks good on her .
a rose has thorns on its stem .
a yard is equal to three feet .
all the boys are the same age .
am i going to be normal again ?
an android is a kind of robot .
an eagle is flying in the sky .
any bed is better than no bed .
are you a member of this crew ?
are you going to be all right ?
are you gonna help me or what ?
are you sure they can do this ?
are you sure you're up for it ?
as a singer , she's well known .
ask him if you have any doubt .
at home , we speak only french .
at last , the baby fell asleep .
call me up when you get there .
can i bum a cigarette off you ?
can i carry this on the plane ?
can i have some water , please ?
can i see you at ten tomorrow ?
can i speak to the head nurse ?
can i speak to you in private ?
can i use your toilet , please ?
can you fix the flat tire now ?
can you help me clean this up ?
can you make it go any faster ?
can you please do this for me ?
can you save this seat for me ?
can you take this call for me ?
can you tell me what tom said ?
can you tell me what it means ?
can you think of a better way ?
could i have the bill , please ?
could you help me when i move ?
did you call me up last night ?
did you know this at the time ?
did you see what tom just did ?
do i look like i'm having fun ?
do not take any notice of him .
do you care to hazard a guess ?
do you eat lunch at your desk ?
do you find the work too hard ?
do you have a menu in english ?
do you have any advice for me ?
do you have any books to read ?
do you have any kind of alibi ?
do you have any left in stock ?
do you have any more of those ?
do you know how to play chess ?
do you know when he will come ?
do you know where he was born ?
do you know where my keys are ?
do you know where my watch is ?
do you know who took the call ?
do you know whose car that is ?
do you know whose car this is ?
do you mind turning on the tv ?
do you need a ride home later ?
do you really want to do that ?
do you really want to do this ?
do you think you can help tom ?
do you want any of this stuff ?
do you want me to handle this ?
do you want me to make coffee ?
do you want this or don't you ?
do you want to argue about it ?
do you want to do it together ?
do you want to get some lunch ?
do you want to go out tonight ?
do you want to hear my theory ?
do you want to learn to drive ?
do you want to see some magic ?
do you want to take that risk ?
do you want your old job back ?
does he need to go right away ?
does it bother you if i smoke ?
does this bus go to the beach ?
does this have to be done now ?
don't i have some say in this ?
don't call us , we'll call you .
don't do two things at a time .
don't even say that as a joke .
don't give me such a sad look .
don't go if you don't want to .
don't move , or i'll shoot you .
don't tell me what i can't do .
don't worry . i'm good at this .
eat your soup while it is hot .
excuse me , is this seat taken ?
give me a full glass of water .
hang on a bit until i'm ready .
hang on . we'll be right there .
he accused me of being a liar .
he asked for a drink of water .
he asked me what i had bought .
he believes that he is a hero .
he bought a new pair of shoes .
he brought me back in his car .
he came back home a while ago .
he can be proud of his father .
he cannot afford to buy a car .
he cut him short by saying no .
he did his best to rescue her .
he did it all out of kindness .
he did what he promised to do .
he died at the age of seventy .
he found a ball in the garden .
he gave her a piece of advice .
he got a better score than us .
he got out from under the car .
he had no idea what to expect .
he had to part with his house .
he has a swelling on his head .
he has enough money to buy it .
he has fallen in love with me .
he has no friend to play with .
he has some money in the bank .
he held on to my hand tightly .
he hung a picture on the wall .
he hurt his hand when he fell .
he hurt his knee when he fell .
he is a pioneer in this field .
he is a teacher at our school .
he is able to play the guitar .
he is afraid that he will die .
he is an ideal husband for me .
he is an utter stranger to me .
he is anxious for her to come .
he is by far the best student .
he is fed up with my problems .
he is proud of being a doctor .
he is the captain of the team .
he is the image of his father .
he is the tallest of all boys .
he is too drunk to drive home .
he is too dumb to fear danger .
he isn't as old as my brother .
he isn't rich , but he's happy .
he left the book on the table .
he let me work in this office .
he made good use of the money .
he made his son a wealthy man .
he made me go against my will .
he makes good use of his time .
he often takes me for a drive .
he ogled a girl outside a pub .
he paid a visit to his friend .
he plans to buy a new bicycle .
he put on an air of innocence .
he runs in the park every day .
he said that he would help me .
he stole a glance at the girl .
he threw a rock into the pond .
he told her that he loved her .
he took a taxi to the station .
he wanted it to be a surprise .
he was a student at that time .
he was accused of being a spy .
he was all alone in the house .
he was born in athens in 1956 .
he was born in this very room .
he was hurt in a car accident .
he was kind enough to help me .
he was looking for a good job .
he was ready to face his fate .
he was shown the photo by her .
he was walking in front of me .
he went out a few minutes ago .
he went to new york on monday .
he will always be in my heart .
he would be glad to hear that .
he's not as old as my brother .
he's not rich , but he's happy .
he's rich , but he's not happy .
her car broke down on the way .
her coat is fur on the inside .
her hands were as cold as ice .
hey , it doesn't work that way .
his aim is to become a doctor .
his wife is one of my friends .
his wish was to go to america .
how about a cup of hot coffee ?
how are we going to get there ?
how are you going to get home ?
how are you going to stop tom ?
how could tom do such a thing ?
how could you do this to them ?
how dare you say such a thing !
how did he come by this money ?
how did you come to hear that ?
how did you get into my house ?
how did you know we were here ?
how did you know where i'd be ?
how did you manage to do that ?
how did you think it would go ?
how do you feel about tom now ?
how do you feel about the war ?
how do you intend to fix this ?
how do you know that it's his ?
how do you propose to do that ?
how do you propose we do that ?
how do you want your hair cut ?
how far do you live from here ?
how long are we going to wait ?
how long can i keep this book ?
how long does it take on foot ?
how long will it be to dinner ?
how long will this rain go on ?
how long will we have to wait ?
how many do you have in stock ?
how many of us get the chance ?
how many of you are there now ?
how much did you pay for that ?
how much do you feed your dog ?
how much do you want to spend ?
how much should i feed my dog ?
how old will you be next year ?
how should i know where he is ?
how will we pay our debts now ?
i always pay the rent on time .
i am a student of this school .
i am a very good chess player .
i am always ready to help you .
i am being paranoid , aren't i ?
i am growing to hate the girl .
i am happy to hear your voice .
i am looking for a good hotel .
i am never at home on sundays .
i am seventeen years old , too .
i am sorry if i disturbed you .
i am the tallest in our class .
i am very glad school is over .
i asked him what his name was .
i bet we'll have a test today .
i bought it in a thrift store .
i burned my hand with an iron .
i came here hoping to see tom .
i can be there in ten minutes .
i can hear you loud and clear .
i can't afford to pay so much .
i can't bear to work with him .
i can't do two things at once .
i can't eat this kind of food .
i can't explain it to you now .
i can't get rid of my pimples .
i can't go to the gym tonight .
i can't lend this book to you .
i can't put up with the noise .
i can't take any more of this .
i can't tell you what i think .
i can't wait to go to college .
i care about you a great deal .
i caught a bad cold last week .
i closed my eyes to calm down .
i decided not to go to europe .
i didn't find it funny at all .
i didn't mean to make tom cry .
i didn't mean to make him cry .
i didn't want you to leave me .
i do hope you will come again .
i do not mind what people say .
i do not trust him any longer .
i don't do this for the money .
i don't ever want to hurt you .
i don't have to clean my room .
i don't have to go right away .
i don't have to listen to you .
i don't know how to get there .
i don't know how to make stew .
i don't know how to play pool .
i don't know how to reach you .
i don't know how to thank you .
i don't know if he's a doctor .
i don't know if she will come .
i don't know if there is time .
i don't know what i did wrong .
i don't know what else to try .
i don't know what her name is .
i don't know what to call you .
i don't know who my mother is .
i don't like the way he talks .
i don't like the way you look .
i don't like this city at all .
i don't need to go to college .
i don't need to talk about it .
i don't need to write it down .
i don't see that as a problem .
i don't think i could do that .
i don't think tom can do that .
i don't think he can help you .
i don't think this is for you .
i don't think you can beat me .
i don't want tom to know this .
i don't want to be your enemy .
i don't want to eat lunch now .
i don't want to fail my exams .
i don't want to go back there .
i don't want to know any more .
i don't want to miss my train .
i don't want to quit this job .
i don't want to see tom again .
i don't want to see you again .
i don't want to talk about it .
i don't want us to get caught .
i expect that he will help us .
i fed the leftovers to my dog .
i feel like i can do anything .
i feel like taking a bath now .
i feel the same way about you .
i fell down and hurt my wrist .
i forgave you a long time ago .
i found your gloves in my car .
i fully agree with all of you .
i gave you what you asked for .
i get off at the next station .
i go by that church every day .
i go for a walk every morning .
i go to the movies every week .
i got up early in the morning .
i guess i don't have a choice .
i guess i need a little sleep .
i guess both of us were lying .
i had a good dream last night .
i had a good sleep last night .
i had good reasons to do that .
i had intended to go with tom .
i had no idea you could dance .
i had nothing to do with that .
i had nothing to do with this .
i had other things on my mind .
i had such high hopes for you .
i had to climb over the fence .
i hate that you have to leave .
i have a few minutes to spare .
i have a friend who's a pilot .
i have a little money with me .
i have a pen pal in australia .
i have been busy for two days .
i have enough money to buy it .
i have lived here a long time .
i have many coins in this box .
i have money enough to buy it .
i have my own bedroom at home .
i have no friend to talk with .
i have no idea how he escaped .
i have no idea what i'm doing .
i have no idea what to expect .
i have no way of knowing that .
i have not seen him in months .
i have some good news for you .
i have something i have to do .
i have something for you , too .
i have three more pages to go .
i have to explain this to tom .
i have to look after this cat .
i have to pay this bill today .
i have to take the test again .
i haven't yet made up my mind .
i hear that he sold his house .
i heard the news on the radio .
i heard what tom said to mary .
i hesitate to ask tom to help .
i hope i haven't woken you up .
i hope tom will be very happy .
i hope tom will get well soon .
i hope that she listens to me .
i hope you two are very happy .
i hope you will get well soon .
i hope you will soon get well .
i just can't get used to this .
i just didn't know what to do .
i just don't know what to say .
i just don't want to lose you .
i just love to watch tom play .
i just want people to like me .
i just want to be your friend .
i just want to get some sleep .
i just want to help you relax .
i just want to know one thing .
i just wanted mary to love me .
i just wanted to let you know .
i kept an eye on her suitcase .
i knew you'd come back for me .
i know tom has gone to boston .
i know tom wanted to meet you .
i know every inch of new york .
i know every inch of the town .
i know it's hard to walk away .
i know my father will help me .
i know that he went to london .
i know that she has been busy .
i know that you are a teacher .
i know that you don't like me .
i know that you still love me .
i know the whole of the story .
i know you're in love with me .
i left my umbrella on the bus .
i lied to you the other night .
i like both of them very much .
i like the sound of the piano .
i like to finish what i start .
i like to play music with tom .
i like to sleep on my stomach .
i live about a mile from here .
i lived in new york last year .
i located the town on the map .
i looked for a place to crash .
i met tom when i was thirteen .
i met an old friend by chance .
i met him on the previous day .
i met my friend on the street .
i might be a few minutes late .
i must go to work early today .
i must make an apology to her .
i need to go feed the chicken .
i need to write a book report .
i never want to see him again .
i never want to see you again .
i never want us to be unhappy .
i never was very good at math .
i often get a letter from him .
i opened a bottle of red wine .
i plan to have lunch with him .
i play tennis once in a while .
i prefer not to talk about it .
i prefer to not talk about it .
i put my clothes in the dryer .
i put my hand on his shoulder .
i put some cream in my coffee .
i put the money into the safe .
i really have to be going now .
i really like this wine a lot .
i regret to say i cannot come .
i saw tom going into the bank .
i saw tom going into the cave .
i saw a house in the distance .
i saw my mother hide the cake .
i saw the moon above the roof .
i saw them walking arm in arm .
i see a bright future for you .
i see they've put you to work .
i spent ten dollars on a book .
i spoke with her for one hour .
i suppose you want me to help .
i take a bath every other day .
i talk to myself all the time .
i talked with her for an hour .
i taught my wife how to drive .
i think i'd like to marry her .
i think i'm gonna go to sleep .
i think i've had one too many .
i think tom had a good reason .
i think tom has a valid point .
i think tom has seen too much .
i think tom said he'd be back .
i think he's a man of ability .
i think he's going to be sick .
i think it's too cold to swim .
i think our luck just ran out .
i think our work here is done .
i think this is going to work .
i think we all know the rules .
i think we may have a problem .
i think we should make a deal .
i think we're all a bit crazy .
i think you know what i think .
i think you know why i'm here .
i think you need to leave now .
i think you owe me some money .
i thought it was a good movie .
i told tom i couldn't do that .
i told her that she was right .
i told you i hated that shirt .
i took care of my sick sister .
i took it that you would come .
i took your name off the list .
i usually drink a lot of milk .
i usually go to school by bus .
i waited for him all day long .
i want a volunteer to help me .
i want him to play the guitar .
i want to be in show business .
i want to buy a dozen bananas .
i want to focus on the future .
i want to get better at chess .
i want to get my ears pierced .
i want to get there by subway .
i want to get this done today .
i want to go bowling with tom .
i want to go there once again .
i want to go with you tonight .
i want to know what to expect .
i want to know what you think .
i want to know what you'll do .
i want to know where tom went .
i want to know where they are .
i want to know who started it .
i want to play chess with tom .
i want to see the movie again .
i want to see you after lunch .
i want to share this with you .
i want to sleep a little more .
i want to spend time with you .
i want us to be friends again .
i want you to be a bridesmaid .
i want you to call the police .
i want you to come back early .
i want you to come right over .
i want you to open the window .
i wanted to hear you say that .
i wanted to run away with tom .
i was caught in a traffic jam .
i was caught in the rush hour .
i was out of town on vacation .
i was surprised to see a lion .
i was tempted to call in sick .
i went there by bus and train .
i went to boston to visit tom .
i went to the airport by taxi .
i will be pleased to help you .
i will call you within a week .
i will find you a good doctor .
i will pick you up around six .
i will win the game next time .
i wish i wasn't such an idiot .
i wish i were a little taller .
i wish you could come with us .
i wonder if tom is having fun .
i wonder if maybe i should go .
i wonder if you could help us .
i wonder why tom gave me this .
i would like a glass of water .
i would like to know her name .
i would rather die than do it .
i wouldn't want to be a judge .
i write in my diary every day .
i write poems in my free time .
i'd kill for a beer right now .
i'd like a little bit of cake .
i'd like to build a new house .
i'd like to go abroad one day .
i'd like to take this with me .
i'd like to talk to tom alone .
i'd like to try on this dress .
i'd like to try this dress on .
i'd like you to be my partner .
i'd rather she sat next to me .
i'll be back in a few minutes .
i'll believe it when i see it .
i'll drop if i don't sit down .
i'll lend you one if you like .
i'll let you get back to work .
i'll pick you up at your home .
i'll show you that i am right .
i'm about the same age as you .
i'm dying for a cup of coffee .
i'm giving it to you for free .
i'm going to go get some food .
i'm going to go wash my hands .
i'm going to protect you , tom .
i'm here to ask for your help .
i'm not able to speak so fast .
i'm not ashamed of what i did .
i'm not in favor of this plan .
i'm not in the mood for jokes .
i'm not in the mood right now .
i'm not sure what i should do .
i'm not the one who should go .
i'm on the phone with tom now .
i'm seeing you in a new light .
i'm sorry if i snapped at you .
i'm sorry , i didn't mean that .
i'm sorry , i'm busy right now .
i'm sorry , the flight is full .
i'm sure i turned off the gas .
i'm sure we can work this out .
i've got to go back and check .
i've got to head back to work .
i've had a lot of calls today .
i've seen it with my own eyes .
i've still got a lot to learn .
if i forget , please remind me .
in my opinion , she is correct .
is tom aware of what mary did ?
is that all you've got to say ?
is that what you have in mind ?
is there a woman in your life ?
is there any reason not to go ?
is this the right thing to do ?
it doesn't seem fair , does it ?
it is clear that he is guilty .
it is clear what must be done .
it is fun to speak in english .
it is going to rain all night .
it is necessary for you to go .
it is never too late to learn .
it is no use arguing with him .
it is no use asking him again .
it is no use talking with him .
it is rude to point at others .
it is ten o'clock by my watch .
it is wrong to cheat at cards .
it seems to run in the family .
it was his job to gather eggs .
it was snowing when i woke up .
it's a cinch to learn to swim .
it's a pleasant day , isn't it ?
it's a privilege , not a right .
it's a real honor to meet you .
it's about the size of an egg .
it's almost time to go to bed .
it's dark , so watch your step .
it's never too late to say no .
it's not as easy as you think .
it's not the end of the world .
it's not what i wanted to say .
i ’ ve made a few corrections .
japan is to the east of china .
just do what you've got to do .
lend me as much money you can .
let me ask you something , tom .
let me kiss you one last time .
let me know what you find out .
let me know what you're up to .
let me make plain what i mean .
let me see what it looks like .
let's ask tom why he was late .
let's go back the way we came .
let's have a ten - minute break .
let's take a rest for a while .
let's take a trip to new york .
let's talk this thing out , ok ?
life is full of ups and downs .
life is not all fun and games .
lock the door when you go out .
long story short , i was fired .
look at that good - looking boy .
madeira is the name of a wine .
mary had a flower in her hair .
mary has a flower in her hand .
mary is the girl of my dreams .
may i ask you a few questions ?
may i be excused for a minute ?
may i bother you for a moment ?
may i have your order , please ?
may i request a favour of you ?
maybe i went a little too far .
money is the root of all evil .
my best friend is in rome now .
my dad died before i was born .
my dream is to become a pilot .
my family is very proud of me .
my father cut wood with a saw .
my father had me wash the car .
my father is going to kill me .
my mother is a very good cook .
my mother took me to the park .
my pen isn't as good as yours .
my uncle has a house in italy .
no one is allowed to go there .
no one knew quite what to say .
no one stops to listen to him .
no one will give me any money .
now , what was your name again ?
one is never too old to learn .
school is not a waste of time .
she asked him if he was happy .
she called out to us for help .
she can count from one to ten .
she cut her hand with a knife .
she found the key to my heart .
she gave him a piece of paper .
she gave him all of her money .
she has a lot of friends here .
she has a thing for older men .
she has no children , does she ?
she held her baby in her arms .
she is able to sing very well .
she is as beautiful as a rose .
she is no better than a thief .
she is well - liked by everyone .
she met the man of her dreams .
she must care for the old man .
she pulled him out of the mud .
she puts aside a lot of money .
she says i need a fresh start .
she told him that she was sad .
she told me that she loved me .
she took a taxi to the museum .
she wants to live in the city .
she wants to marry a rich man .
she was on the verge of tears .
she went out to buy some food .
she will make him a good wife .
she writes to me once a month .
she wrote 5 novels in 5 years .
she's a girl , but she's brave .
sit down and rest for a while .
sit down to put your boots on .
stay and have a drink with us .
take a little nap on the sofa .
take as much time as you want .
take care and have a nice day .
take care not to catch a cold .
tea with lemon for me , please .
tell tom that i need his help .
tell me what that man is like .
tell me when you will call me .
that is not an orange , either .
that isn't the way i heard it .
that might not be a good idea .
that old man is a fussy eater .
that sounds like a lot of fun .
that was then and this is now .
that's a good reason , i guess .
that's as good a place as any .
that's how i came to know her .
that's not how i would say it .
that's not what i had in mind .
that's not what i said at all .
the baby was crying to be fed .
the box is too heavy to carry .
the boy is afraid of the dark .
the car came to a smooth stop .
the girls are as busy as bees .
the hotel is run by his uncle .
the house by the lake is mine .
the ice has melted in the sun .
the light in tom's room is on .
the next morning , he was gone .
the old man is hard to please .
the plane will get in on time .
the ship is now in the harbor .
the snow melted away in a day .
the sun is shining in the sky .
the truth is i don't like tom .
the war is going in our favor .
there is a cat in the kitchen .
there is a cat under the desk .
there is a park near my house .
there is an apple on the desk .
there is no grass on the moon .
there is no table in the room .
there's a bit of a wind today .
they fear that he may be dead .
they left the room one by one .
they made a list of the names .
they say that he is very rich .
they used a high - speed camera .
they wanted me out of the way .
this car is used by my father .
this is a little gift for you .
this is an opera in five acts .
this is delicious . what is it ?
this is how i met your mother .
this is not going to end well .
this is the boy who helped me .
this is the life that i chose .
this is where i draw the line .
this key won't go in the lock .
this place is large , isn't it ?
this room is too small for us .
this rope is strong , isn't it ?
this rule applies to you , too .
this soup is too salty to eat .
to my surprise , she was alive .
today , i went to the doctor's .
tom advised us not to do that .
tom didn't even try to get up .
tom doesn't have a tv at home .
tom found a job as a mechanic .
tom found no one in the house .
tom has three sons , i believe .
tom has to do that right away .
tom has to pay his rent today .
tom is a close friend of mine .
tom is a little angry at mary .
tom is a well - informed person .
tom is a year older than mary .
tom is better than me at math .
tom is much smarter than i am .
tom is not much older than me .
tom is now very angry with me .
tom is the richest man i know .
tom is trying to get it right .
tom made himself a cup of tea .
tom might be able to fix that .
tom said he had a slight cold .
tom said he wanted to do more .
tom said you told him to wait .
tom stood in line for an hour .
tom talked to a lot of people .
tom told mary to go back home .
tom told me that he was sorry .
tom walked as far as he could .
tom wanted to be part of that .
tom was convinced , but not me .
tom was found dead in his bed .
tom was one of the lucky ones .
tom was the life of the party .
tom went to boston for a week .
tom won a free trip to boston .
tom would help us if he could .
try and do it right this time .
try to see things as they are .
two teas and a coffee , please .
was i not supposed to eat yet ?
was tom here when we got here ?
we are badly in want of water .
we are going to travel by car .
we are not here to arrest you .
we can't allow tom to do that .
we go fishing once in a while .
we got there at the same time .
we had a good time last night .
we had to put off the meeting .
we have no way to verify this .
we have to get away from here .
we just want to live in peace .
we know all this already , tom .
we made fun of him about this .
we must avoid war at all cost .
we must make up for lost time .
we need it now more than ever .
we need our demands to be met .
we need to get away from here .
we showed them what we can do .
we still have more work to do .
we still have some work to do .
we wanted to get out of there .
we went on a really long walk .
we were there for a long time .
we'll get you a place to stay .
we're gonna have a lot of fun .
we're just not used to it yet .
we're on the same team , right ?
well , what does that tell you ?
what are you doing in my room ?
what are you going to do next ?
what did i do to deserve this ?
what did tom put into the bag ?
what did you do with my pants ?
what did you do with that car ?
what do you grow on your farm ?
what do you have in your hand ?
what do you hope to find here ?
what do you need a doctor for ?
what do you think i was doing ?
what have i done with my keys ?
what he said may well be true .
what is the depth of the lake ?
what is the name of that bird ?
what is the price of this cap ?
what is the title of the book ?
what is there to be afraid of ?
what kind of beer do you have ?
what kind of car do you drive ?
what kind of meal did you eat ?
what kind of sports do you do ?
what kind of wine do you have ?
what kind of work will you do ?
what should i do if tom calls ?
what should i do to save time ?
what should we do if it rains ?
what sort of danger are we in ?
what time do you go to school ?
what time is it by your clock ?
what time is it by your watch ?
what time shall i pick you up ?
what was it that you gave him ?
what would you do in my place ?
what you did to tom was cruel .
when did he say he would come ?
when do you plan to check out ?
when it rains , she feels blue .
when was the last time we met ?
when you leave , i'll miss you .
where can we get what we want ?
where did you get on this bus ?
where did you get to know her ?
where have you been up to now ?
where on earth did you get it ?
where will the bus pick us up ?
who did you write a letter to ?
who taught you how to do this ?
who told you to bring me here ?
who will you give the book to ?
why are you making me do this ?
why did you come home so late ?
why do you not believe in god ?
why does tom want to go there ?
why don't we talk for a while ?
why don't you drop her a line ?
why don't you give me a break ?
why were 14 , 000 soldiers lost ?
why won't my dog eat dog food ?
why would you want to do that ?
will it bother you if i smoke ?
will you help me for a minute ?
will you please let me go now ?
world war i broke out in 1914 .
would you give me a hand here ?
would you like me to order it ?
would you like to have a look ?
yesterday , i bought a red car .
you are the tallest of us all .
you are twice as strong as me .
you can get it at a bookstore .
you can't just not go to work .
you can't talk to me that way .
you didn't have to wake me up .
you do that and i'll fire you .
you don't even try to help me .
you don't have to come see me .
you don't know german , do you ?
you don't talk to me that way .
you got here late , didn't you ?
you had a week to finish this .
you have got to be kidding me .
you have no right to go there .
you have to do it by yourself .
you have to eat before you go .
you have to take in my jacket .
you have to tell me the truth .
you love your work , don't you ?
you may as well leave at once .
you may get it free of charge .
you may sit down on the chair .
you must make up for the loss .
you must see it to believe it .
you must take care of the dog .
you need to find your own way .
you need to sit down and rest .
you never tell me you love me .
you still have a lot to learn .
you used to smoke , didn't you ?
you will soon get to like her .
you will soon get to like him .
you're not ready yet , are you ?
you're the same age as my son .
your guess is as good as mine .
a bow is no use without arrows .
a dairy cow is a useful animal .
a dance will be held on friday .
a dead leaf fell to the ground .
a dog followed me to my school .
a fire broke out near my house .
a fish leaped out of the water .
a lot still remains to be done .
a man called on you last night .
a man came to see me yesterday .
a new dress was bought for her .
a red dress made her stand out .
all good things come to an end .
all of you speak french , right ?
an ice pack will numb the pain .
an ugly man knocked on my door .
are you a leader or a follower ?
are you for or against my plan ?
are you for or against the war ?
are you going to come visit me ?
are you listening to me at all ?
are you saying that i'm a liar ?
are you the one who wrote this ?
are you trying to grow a beard ?
are you willing to make a deal ?
ask tom what we should do next .
ask her when he will come back .
at last , he realized his error .
at last , he solved the problem .
at last , we reached the summit .
be careful not to catch a cold .
can you cash this check for me ?
can you deliver it to my house ?
can you excuse me for a minute ?
can you give me a better price ?
can you help me make a snowman ?
can you help me paint my house ?
can you lend me a little money ?
can you prove tom didn't do it ?
check out what i've been up to .
come along with us if you like .
come down here and eat with us .
come here by ten at the latest .
could you charge it to my room ?
could you help me out a little ?
could you move the chair a bit ?
could you open this jar for me ?
could you tie it with a ribbon ?
dark clouds are a sign of rain .
did tom talk to you about mary ?
did he admit that he was wrong ?
do you eat it in the classroom ?
do you have any aspirin on you ?
do you have any ideas about it ?
do you have any money with you ?
do you have any plans later on ?
do you have change for a fifty ?
do you have much time to spare ?
do you have rain gear with you ?
do you know when she will come ?
do you know where tom is going ?
do you know where she was born ?
do you know who that person is ?
do you know why she's so angry ?
do you like to be kept waiting ?
do you look up to your parents ?
do you take work home with you ?
do you think i should go alone ?
do you think anyone can see me ?
do you think anyone can see us ?
do you think he will like that ?
do you think our team will win ?
do you think that tom is happy ?
do you want any of these books ?
do you want me to believe that ?
do you want to become a father ?
do you want to eat out tonight ?
do you want to rent your house ?
does he know that you love him ?
does this bus go to the museum ?
don't be afraid to talk to him .
don't call me so late at night .
don't fix it if it ain't broke .
don't just take my word for it .
don't let him do it by himself .
don't move until i tell you to .
don't sneak up on me like that .
don't stay in the sun too long .
don't throw a stone at the dog .
don't use up all the hot water .
don't worry . i'll be back soon .
don't you have some work to do ?
each of them was given a prize .
everybody , get out of my house .
feeling sick , he stayed in bed .
folks , it's time i was leaving .
frankly , i don't like that man .
get the bicycle out of the way .
give me a white piece of paper .
grab a broom and help us clean .
half the office took a day off .
have you ever been to new york ?
have you ever been to an opera ?
have you ever flown in a blimp ?
he acted the part of king lear .
he arrived as soon as he could .
he asked a few questions of me .
he asked me whether i was busy .
he ate every bit of his dinner .
he bet two pounds on the horse .
he bought a new pair of gloves .
he came close to losing an eye .
he came to berlin as a teacher .
he came to japan two years ago .
he can't take his eyes off her .
he cut the rope with his teeth .
he didn't show up at the party .
he does not belong in the city .
he flatly refused to let me in .
he gave us the signal to begin .
he gets a haircut once a month .
he had decided on a new policy .
he had his shirt on inside out .
he had no luck in finding work .
he has a head on his shoulders .
he has a large number of books .
he has a lot of original ideas .
he has a son and two daughters .
he has gone blind in both eyes .
he has no friends to talk with .
he has only six months to live .
he heard the news on the radio .
he helped me clean up the mess .
he hit his head against a rock .
he is a brave and cheerful boy .
he is above doing such a thing .
he is acting on his own behalf .
he is afraid of his own shadow .
he is anxious to go to america .
he is anxious to read the book .
he is known as a great painter .
he is much older than he looks .
he is subject to fits of anger .
he is the least likely to come .
he is the only child they have .
he is the richest man on earth .
he is to blame for the failure .
he isn't as stupid as he looks .
he kept me waiting for an hour .
he knows how to play the piano .
he laid his head on the pillow .
he likes to work in the garden .
he made up his mind right away .
he may come and see us tonight .
he moved the desk to the right .
he must be aware of the danger .
he risked his life to save her .
he said that you had better go .
he saved money for his old age .
he saw the surprise on my face .
he seems to make nothing of it .
he stayed in london for a time .
he stood up for what was right .
he threw a stone into the pond .
he told her that she was right .
he told me about it in private .
he told me that you were right .
he took me for my twin brother .
he turned out to be her father .
he wants to be a tennis player .
he wants to work in a hospital .
he warned me that i would fail .
he was a man of great ambition .
he was in america at that time .
he was knocked over by the car .
he was late to his own wedding .
he was lying asleep in the sun .
he was not aware of the danger .
he was robbed of all his money .
he was the envy of his friends .
he was too drunk to drive home .
he was too young to live alone .
he went over to the other side .
he went there , never to return .
he went to paris two years ago .
he went to some place or other .
he will be back in ten minutes .
he will be coming to the party .
he won't be home at lunch time .
he works with me at the office .
he wrote a book while in china .
he'll be back in a few minutes .
her belief in god is very firm .
her dream is to become a nurse .
her work is to wash the dishes .
hey , how's it going down there ?
hey , let me tell you something .
his ambition is to be a lawyer .
his house is not far from here .
his mother came to pick him up .
his mother used to be a singer .
his speech made no sense to me .
his wife leads him by the nose .
his work is not up to standard .
hold this while i tie my shoes .
how could you say such a thing ?
how did you and tom first meet ?
how did you come by this money ?
how did you get into the house ?
how do you feel about all this ?
how do you feel at this moment ?
how do you like your eggs done ?
how do you like your new class ?
how do you plan to make amends ?
how do you say that in italian ?
how far are you prepared to go ?
how long ago did the bus leave ?
how long are you going to stay ?
how long did he live in ankara ?
how long is this visa good for ?
how long were you at the party ?
how many more forks do we need ?
how many more of you are there ?
how many times have i told you ?
how much is the rent per month ?
how much more work do you have ?
how nice to be in hawaii again !
how often do you feed the fish ?
how often should i feed my dog ?
how would they know what to do ?
i acted like i didn't know her .
i advise you wear a heavy coat .
i agree with him on that point .
i agree with you on this point .
i always try to tell the truth .
i am going to america by plane .
i am going to europe next week .
i am in favor of your proposal .
i am not alone in this opinion .
i am positive that he is wrong .
i am suffering from a bad cold .
i am sure that he will succeed .
i am the happiest man on earth .
i am the laziest person i know .
i am tired of listening to tom .
i arrived on the night he left .
i asked tom to play the guitar .
i asked tom why he was unhappy .
i asked him where he was going .
i believe we can get that done .
i believe you know what i mean .
i can see myself in the mirror .
i can't believe you lied to me .
i can't get away from work now .
i can't help making fun of him .
i can't live that kind of life .
i can't put up with that noise .
i can't put up with this smell .
i cannot get in touch with him .
i cannot lend this book to you .
i caught a glimpse of her face .
i caught my finger in the door .
i could have done it by myself .
i didn't know he drank so much .
i didn't know what to do first .
i didn't know where else to go .
i didn't know you had a sister .
i didn't tell that guy my name .
i didn't try to go any further .
i didn't want you to read that .
i do not like to make mistakes .
i don't believe he is a lawyer .
i don't believe one word of it .
i don't care about any of that .
i don't care how long it takes .
i don't deserve to be so happy .
i don't even have time to read .
i don't even know how to dance .
i don't expect to be gone long .
i don't go to school on sunday .
i don't have any books to read .
i don't have any time to waste .
i don't have anyone to yell at .
i don't have that kind of time .
i don't have the time for this .
i don't have time for this now .
i don't have to listen to that .
i don't have to listen to this .
i don't have to think about it .
i don't know a thing about her .
i don't know how tom found out .
i don't know how to explain it .
i don't know what came over me .
i don't know what the truth is .
i don't know when i'll be back .
i don't know where my keys are .
i don't know where you are now .
i don't know who made the cake .
i don't know why we're so busy .
i don't like any of these hats .
i don't like it when you swear .
i don't like the taste of this .
i don't like to sing in public .
i don't like to talk about tom .
i don't mind getting up at six .
i don't need that kind of help .
i don't put sugar in my coffee .
i don't quite know what to say .
i don't really want to be here .
i don't think tom is in boston .
i don't think tom likes to ski .
i don't think any of them know .
i don't think it was a mistake .
i don't think it's a bad thing .
i don't think we have a choice .
i don't want people to hate me .
i don't want to be your friend .
i don't want to know the truth .
i don't want to live by myself .
i don't want to live like that .
i don't want to risk losing it .
i don't want to talk to anyone .
i don't want to think about it .
i don't want to wait that long .
i don't want to waste my money .
i don't want you to feel alone .
i expect you know all about it .
i feel awful about what i said .
i feel happy when i'm with you .
i feel it's something i can do .
i feel like i know you already .
i feel like i'm losing my mind .
i feel like i'm ready for that .
i feel like a brand new person .
i figured i could count on you .
i flew from london to new york .
i forgot to pay for the drinks .
i gave up all hope of survival .
i got bored with his long talk .
i got off at the wrong station .
i got the bicycle at a bargain .
i got up at seven this morning .
i grabbed a book off the shelf .
i guarantee i'll get you a job .
i guess i have nothing to lose .
i had a feeling you'd say that .
i had a good time last evening .
i had a good time playing golf .
i had a good time this evening .
i had a neighbor who was blind .
i had a weird dream last night .
i had been reading for an hour .
i had business to take care of .
i had hoped to save more money .
i had hoped you might say that .
i had my brother clean my room .
i had my car stolen last night .
i had my radio repaired by him .
i had never seen so much money .
i had no intention of doing so .
i had to crawl under the fence .
i had to get a molar extracted .
i had to pay five more dollars .
i hate to put you through this .
i hate to see you so miserable .
i have a letter written by him .
i have a picture of an airport .
i have a surprise for you guys .
i have booked a table for four .
i have just a few bullets left .
i have never been to that town .
i have no idea where she lives .
i have nothing to fall back on .
i have some good news to share .
i have something for you to do .
i have the house all to myself .
i have to deal with this alone .
i haven't been home in a while .
i haven't done this in a while .
i haven't seen you for a while .
i heard a noise in the bedroom .
i heard him go down the stairs .
i hope i'll see you again soon .
i hope it was only an accident .
i hope my dream will come true .
i hope we can avoid doing that .
i hope we can still be friends .
i hope you had a great weekend .
i hope you will answer me soon .
i hope you won't leave me here .
i hope you'll be able to sleep .
i invited him over to my place .
i just can't keep my eyes open .
i just didn't know what to say .
i just didn't want to be there .
i just didn't want you in here .
i just don't want any of these .
i just don't want to overdo it .
i just figured out who you are .
i just had my final exam today .
i just knew i couldn't do that .
i just love that kind of stuff .
i just need a little more time .
i just want a little more time .
i just want someone to talk to .
i just want to forget about it .
i just want you to be involved .
i just want you to be prepared .
i just wanted to go to college .
i just wanted to help the team .
i just wanted to say good luck .
i just wanted to say thank you .
i just wanted to wish you luck .
i just wanted you to accept me .
i just wanted you to know that .
i kind of hope it doesn't rain .
i knew every one of those guys .
i know i have a biased opinion .
i know every word on this page .
i know how you must be feeling .
i know that boy who is running .
i know the name of this animal .
i know what tom is looking for .
i know what tom likes to drink .
i know where you keep your gun .
i know who lives in this house .
i know you haven't done it yet .
i know you were born in boston .
i learned that a long time ago .
i left my briefcase in the bus .
i left my coat here last night .
i like her . she's so beautiful !
i like the melody of this song .
i like things the way they are .
i like to eat a late breakfast .
i like to look at old pictures .
i live in this house by myself .
i looked it up on the internet .
i lost my camera the other day .
i love the flowers you sent me .
i love the people in this town .
i love trying to do new things .
i made that decision on my own .
i missed the point of the joke .
i missed the train by a minute .
i myself have never seen a ufo .
i need to get my oboe repaired .
i need to get something to eat .
i need to know why you're here .
i never get to see you anymore .
i never said i didn't want you .
i never thought of it that way .
i nodded to show that i agreed .
i only have six months to live .
i only hope we're not too late .
i paid him the money last week .
i prefer that it stay that way .
i read a lot of modern authors .
i read a magazine to kill time .
i really did have a great time .
i really don't want to do that .
i really don't want to do this .
i really need to take a shower .
i really see no reason to stay .
i really think we need to talk .
i really thought i could do it .
i really want to know her name .
i really want to see tom today .
i recommend you to go by train .
i regarded the man as an enemy .
i rode my bicycle to the store .
i saw tom at the funeral today .
i showed my ticket at the door .
i spent all day with my friend .
i stayed up till late at night .
i still have things left to do .
i still need to buy some bread .
i stuck my hands in my pockets .
i suggest that you talk to tom .
i sure hope he passes the test .
i take a bath almost every day .
i think i can sing fairly well .
i think i have a gum infection .
i think i know why you're here .
i think tom and mary are right .
i think tom has made a mistake .
i think tom made a big mistake .
i think tom really is a doctor .
i think tom was born in boston .
i think tom's doing a good job .
i think about you all day long .
i think about you all the time .
i think both of them are right .
i think perhaps i can help tom .
i think she is good at dancing .
i think she made up that story .
i think that's why tom is here .
i think we can help each other .
i think we made the right call .
i think we should get out here .
i think we should look into it .
i think we're all a bit cuckoo .
i think we're going to be fine .
i think we're going to be late .
i think we're out of your size .
i think we're safe for a while .
i think you might need my help .
i think you would like it here .
i think you've got what i need .
i thought i could deal with it .
i thought i was going to faint .
i thought we were going to die .
i thought we were going to win .
i thought you'd be dead by now .
i thought you'd be proud of me .
i told him not to throw stones .
i told you i have a girlfriend .
i took that picture a week ago .
i took this picture a week ago .
i unfolded the map on the desk .
i urge everyone to do the same .
i usually go to bed before ten .
i waited a whole year for that .
i walk in the forest every day .
i walked as far as the station .
i want it done within the hour .
i want my children to be happy .
i want them to be your friends .
i want to be more than friends .
i want to bring my family here .
i want to buy something to eat .
i want to do something for tom .
i want to fly above the clouds .
i want to go swimming with tom .
i want to hear more about this .
i want to know all the details .
i want to know the whole story .
i want to know what i'm buying .
i want to know what's going on .
i want to know what's so funny .
i want to know why you're late .
i want to make my father proud .
i want to make one thing clear .
i want to make that very clear .
i want to make you work harder .
i want to remember all of this .
i want to take advantage of it .
i want to talk to your manager .
i want to talk with your uncle .
i want us to get back together .
i want you to destroy all this .
i want you to do some research .
i want you to read this letter .
i want you to stay here longer .
i want you to think about this .
i wanted to be a piano teacher .
i wanted to tell you the truth .
i was asked to fix the bicycle .
i was asked to umpire the game .
i was bored with his old jokes .
i was born and raised in tokyo .
i was born during the cold war .
i was delayed by a traffic jam .
i was fortunate to get the job .
i was invited by an old friend .
i was late because of the rain .
i was taken in by the salesman .
i was the one who suggested it .
i was told to get enough sleep .
i went to my bedroom and cried .
i will always be there for you .
i will go along with your plan .
i will never , ever drink again .
i will play the guitar for you .
i wish i could buy that guitar .
i wish i could give up smoking .
i wish i could paint like that .
i wish i had a million dollars .
i wish she had come last night .
i woke up at five this morning .
i won't run away like a coward .
i wonder if she will marry him .
i wonder if that was the point .
i wonder what tom sees in mary .
i wonder which of you will win .
i wonder why she is so worried .
i wonder why we have ear lobes .
i would be willing to help you .
i would like a piece of cheese .
i would like to ask a question .
i would like to live in france .
i would like to visit new york .
i wouldn't want to lose my job .
i wrote a letter to my teacher .
i wrote her a letter every day .
i wrote this song just for you .
i'd just like to say i'm sorry .
i'd like a table by the window .
i'd like a window seat , please .
i'd like an aisle seat , please .
i'd like to get an early start .
i'd like to know more about it .
i'd like to know what you mean .
i'd like to live in that house .
i'd like to look at that chart .
i'd like to sit near the front .
i'd like to stay for one night .
i'd like to stay here with tom .
i'd like to swim in this river .
i'd like to take a short break .
i'd like to take my jacket off .
i'd like to talk to tom myself .
i'd like to wake tom up myself .
i'd like to work at a hospital .
i'd like you to meet my sister .
i'd like you to read this book .
i'd study harder if i were you .
i'll be at home in the morning .
i'll be happy to work with you .
i'll be ready in a few minutes .
i'll be six feet under by then .
i'll call you when i get there .
i'll choke the life out of him .
i'll do anything i can for tom .
i'll do what the boss tells me .
i'll go crazy if this keeps up .
i'll have a white wine , please .
i'll put some salt in the soup .
i'll put some salt on the meat .
i'll raise my hand as a signal .
i'll see you a week from today .
i'll take a rain check on that .
i'll take care of it right now .
i'll tell him to call you back .
i'll wait like the rest of you .
i'm afraid that he can't do it .
i'm all packed and ready to go .
i'm by no means angry with you .
i'm fed up with all their lies .
i'm friends with a lot of cops .
i'm friends with a lot of them .
i'm glad i don't have your job .
i'm glad tom was there with me .
i'm going to paris in the fall .
i'm going to be ready for that .
i'm going to kill him for this !
i'm going to tell you a secret .
i'm having the time of my life .
i'm just trying to make a buck .
i'm not ashamed that i am poor .
i'm not going to see you again .
i'm not going , and that's that .
i'm not sure of the exact date .
i'm really glad i ran into you .
i'm sorry for what i have done .
i'm sorry if my words hurt you .
i'm sorry , i couldn't hear you .
i'm sorry , i didn't catch that .
i'm sorry , i don't have change .
i'm sorry , that flight is full .
i'm sure tom had a good reason .
i'm sure tom will be home soon .
i'm sure she will turn up soon .
i'm sure that tom will do that .
i'm sure that he went to tokyo .
i'm tired , but i'll study hard .
i'm too lazy to do my homework .
i'm used to this sort of thing .
i'm very glad to see you again .
i'm very happy to be back home .
i'm very happy with my new car .
i'm very much in favor of this .
i've been doing it all my life .
i've been gone for a long time .
i've given it a lot of thought .
i've got a lot of good friends .
i've got some stuff to do here .
i've got to get to the airport .
i've got to learn to slow down .
i've never made a lot of money .
i've seen tom on tv many times .
if necessary , i will come soon .
if something is wrong , tell me .
in case of emergency , call 119 .
is it cruel to declaw your cat ?
is it your first day at school ?
is that ring made of real gold ?
is the room big enough for you ?
is there a cat under the table ?
is there a doctor in the house ?
is there a museum in this town ?
is this one the bus for oxford ?
is this the train for new york ?
isn't tom a little old for you ?
it ain't like before , you know .
it began to rain cats and dogs .
it doesn't sound too bad to me .
it has been raining off and on .
it has been snowing on and off .
it has nothing to do with luck .
it is certain that he is wrong .
it is difficult to talk to him .
it is no good talking about it .
it is no use giving her advice .
it is obvious that he is right .
it is still fresh in my memory .
it is too dark to play outside .
it turned out that i was right .
it was tom that saved the girl .
it was a dark and stormy night .
it was fun playing in the park .
it was merely a matter of luck .
it was not clear what she said .
it wasn't my wife on the phone .
it's a great honor to meet you .
it's a nice day to eat outside .
it's a risk we'll have to take .
it's a waste of time and money .
it's about time we went to bed .
it's high time you were in bed .
it's just that i don't like it .
it's still too early to get up .
it's the best job in the world !
it's the best thing i ever did .
it's time to make up your mind .
it's too early for you to come .
it's too late to turn back now .
keep in mind that you must die .
keep the money in a safe place .
let me hear from you very soon .
let me see what's in your hand .
let us never speak of it again .
let's go and swim in the river .
let's see if tom can stay away .
let's see if they let you talk .
let's take a look at the facts .
let's take a rest in the shade .
let's take a walk for a change .
let's wrap this up and go home .
life in a small town is boring .
look at the size of that thing !
look at those fish in the pond .
looks like i will become a dad .
luck had nothing to do with it .
may i leave this book with you ?
may i tell you a little secret ?
my brother did it on my behalf .
my brother gave me a cute doll .
my father goes to work by bike .
my father has bought a new car .
my father is in the garden now .
my father made me a nice lunch .
my father made me wash the car .
my father might be at home now .
my friend gave me a silk scarf .
my husband is a very good cook .
my poor english cost me my job .
my son grew 5 inches last year .
my son likes to play with cars .
never have i seen such a thing .
no one i know buys cds anymore .
no one knew who owned the land .
no one spoke up in his defense .
no one wanted to talk about it .
no one's going to save you now .
now he has nothing to live for .
once she arrives , we can start .
one day you'll be able to walk .
one roll of color film , please .
please add my name to the list .
please call me back in an hour .
please do not try this at home .
please give me a cup of coffee .
please let me know if it hurts .
please show me what to do next .
please take the pants in a bit .
pour a little wine in my glass .
pull the plant up by the roots .
put it back where you found it .
put the book back where it was .
put the pliers in the tool box .
right now , i feel like talking .
ring the bell when you want me .
she accused me of being a liar .
she advised him not to do that .
she advised him to take a rest .
she asked how to cook the fish .
she asked me where i was going .
she bought a toy for her child .
she cut the apple with a knife .
she did her best to rescue him .
she doesn't eat meat , does she ?
she earns a living as a writer .
she gave him all of her silver .
she got up to answer the phone .
she had a happy time with them .
she has fallen in love with me .
she has quite a lot of clothes .
she is a woman of great beauty .
she is aware of my secret plan .
she is certain to come on time .
she is very afraid of the dark .
she is what we call a bookworm .
she likes to go to the library .
she looks as if she were drunk .
she put on an air of innocence .
she said she had a slight cold .
she said that it might be true .
she told him that he was right .
she took him for all his money .
she wants him to be her friend .
she warned him not to go alone .
she was afraid to catch a cold .
she was kind enough to help me .
she was on the verge of crying .
she was ready to face her fate .
she wasn't able to talk to him .
she went to the museum by taxi .
she will always be in my heart .
she will be back within a week .
she will not stick to her word .
she's about the same age as me .
should i fill in this form now ?
should i pick up my ticket now ?
take a little nap on the couch .
tell me what has become of him .
tell me what you did in hawaii .
tell the maid to make the beds .
that has nothing to do with it .
that is the duty of the police .
that man has a very good build .
that sword is fit for a prince .
that was a sight for sore eyes .
that was a total waste of time .
that's a real load off my mind .
that's a risk you have to take .
that's hardly the point , is it ?
that's not what you want to do .
that's very nice of you to say .
that's what i want most of all .
that's what i was going to say .
that's what i was trying to do .
that's why i came back so soon .
the boy i love doesn't love me .
the boy got lost in the forest .
the boy was afraid of the dark .
the car raised a cloud of dust .
the cat was basking in the sun .
the chair is close to the door .
the chair is far from the door .
the cost of living has gone up .
the director is away on a trip .
the dog can bring back a stick .
the dog followed me to my home .
the door must not be left open .
the earth is where we all live .
the end of the world is coming .
the house is in need of repair .
the lion is the king of beasts .
the month is drawing to an end .
the phone rang for a long time .
the question is who will do it .
the sea was as smooth as glass .
the sky is full of dark clouds .
the store is close to my house .
the storm raged for a few days .
the tines of the fork are bent .
the tire on my bicycle is flat .
the writer is well known to us .
there are a lot of people here .
there are seven days in a week .
there are some eggs in the box .
there is an album on the shelf .
there is an apple on the table .
there is no chair in this room .
there is no future in this job .
there is one apple on the desk .
there isn't a cloud in the sky .
there used to be a bridge here .
there used to be a church here .
there used to be a prison here .
there was no place to buy food .
there's not a cloud in the sky .
there's still a bit of it left .
there's still a lot to be done .
these shoes are too big for me .
they are a peace - loving people .
they bought a home with a pool .
they kicked tom out of the bar .
they say that i'm an old woman .
they told me it was your fault .
they will help you to get warm .
this box will serve as a table .
this desk is too heavy to lift .
this is a violation of the law .
this is all i'm taking with me .
this is by far the best method .
this is hard for me to believe .
this is how it has always been .
this is my umbrella , not tom's .
this is one of the basic rules .
this is pretty tense , isn't it ?
this is the cheaper of the two .
this is twice as large as that .
this is what i was looking for .
this is what i was waiting for .
this isn't fun . this is boring .
this seems too good to be true .
this table is made out of wood .
this time , you've gone too far .
this was tom's idea , wasn't it ?
this was his one and only hope .
today , we had two false alarms .
tom acted the part of a sailor .
tom also has a house in boston .
tom and i used to be neighbors .
tom and mary agreed on a price .
tom and mary are a nice couple .
tom and mary dated for 3 years .
tom called to say he'd be late .
tom can't swim as fast as mary .
tom can't swim as well as mary .
tom does all his work at night .
tom eats a lot of chinese food .
tom has a high opinion of mary .
tom has begun to look for work .
tom has forgotten how to do it .
tom has never been to a circus .
tom hurt his knee when he fell .
tom is a cold - hearted murderer .
tom is a hard person to please .
tom is a lot shorter than mary .
tom is eager to live in boston .
tom is going to need your help .
tom is in better shape than me .
tom is madly in love with mary .
tom is not a very friendly guy .
tom is out of town on business .
tom is richer than most of you .
tom is taking care of the kids .
tom is too young to drink beer .
tom is waiting at the bus stop .
tom is working on it right now .
tom isn't in a good mood today .
tom isn't the same age as mary .
tom left mary alone in the car .
tom left his keys on the table .
tom lied about a lot of things .
tom lost three sons in the war .
tom made me go against my will .
tom never came out of his coma .
tom put the coins into the box .
tom said he tried to kiss mary .
tom said he'd only talk to you .
tom seems to have lost his key .
tom told mary that it was over .
tom told me he was really busy .
tom told me that he was lonely .
tom told me to be more careful .
tom told me you were in boston .
tom took a long drink of water .
tom tried to open the car door .
tom wants to come to our party .
tom wants to try a new shampoo .
tom was afraid to go back home .
tom was found dead in his room .
tom was here just a moment ago .
tom was just telling me a joke .
tom was lucky to find his keys .
tom went to the park with mary .
turn him down once and for all .
was she able to write a report ?
was the work done by him alone ?
we are sorry we can't help you .
we can still get there on time .
we climbed right up to the top .
we don't have a lot of trouble .
we had a lot of rain yesterday .
we had a mild winter last year .
we had a very good time indeed .
we have not yet begun to fight .
we have to do better next time .
we haven't seen tom in a while .
we haven't seen you in a while .
we hope to do better this week .
we must keep a diary every day .
we need a knife for the butter .
we need to do better than this .
we need to find tom right away .
we need to make a big decision .
we need you back in the office .
we really have a lot in common .
we saved you a seat right here .
we see each other once a month .
we shared the cost of the meal .
we still have a few hours left .
we think we are over the worst .
we took a walk along the river .
we used to play games like tag .
we waited , but tom didn't come .
we want to have a large family .
we went into the red last year .
we went to the mountain to ski .
we were just about to call you .
we're doing what we want to do .
we're going to have a good day .
we're going to wait in the car .
we're not out of the woods yet .
we're so glad to have you here .
we've come too far to quit now .
we've really got to step on it .
well , how did it happen anyway ?
we ’ ve been waiting for hours .
what i need worst is a haircut .
what are you going to do today ?
what did she buy at that store ?
what did you do at that moment ?
what did you do on the weekend ?
what did you do with that book ?
what did you say your name was ?
what do you have your feet for ?
what do you need four cars for ?
what do you need the money for ?
what do you think of this plan ?
what do you want to talk about ?
what does he say in his letter ?
what exactly do you plan to do ?
what have you done with my bag ?
what high school did you go to ?
what in the world got into you ?
what is the name of that river ?
what is the name of this river ?
what kind of fruit do you want ?
what kind of music do you like ?
what kind of stuff do you need ?
what was it that you did there ?
when is the ship due to arrive ?
when must i turn in the report ?
when would you like to see him ?
where are my hat and my gloves ?
where can i pick up my baggage ?
which is larger , tokyo or kobe ?
which of you will come with me ?
which of you will try it first ?
who is the owner of this house ?
who will take care of the baby ?
who would you like to speak to ?
why are there stars in the sky ?
why did you agree to help them ?
why did you keep that a secret ?
why didn't you ask for my help ?
why do people go to the movies ?
why do people hate tom so much ?
why do you like sports so much ?
why do you want to leave today ?
why does love make us so happy ?
why don't you all just shut up ?
why don't you share it with me ?
why don't you take a seat here ?
why don't you take the day off ?
why don't you tell me about it ?
why is tom so dressed up today ?
why is that so hard to believe ?
will you ever tell me your age ?
will you permit me to go there ?
will you please call me a taxi ?
will you stay here for a while ?
would you like to play with us ?
would you like to try it again ?
would you mind if i came along ?
would you mind if i kissed you ?
would you mind if i left early ?
would you please do me a favor ?
write an essay on " friendship " .
yes . we should be very careful .
yesterday i hit on a good idea .
you are not to leave this room .
you can bet your boots on that .
you can come along if you want .
you can read french , can't you ?
you can trust him with any job .
you can't believe a word of it .
you can't eat soup with a fork .
you can't just not do your job .
you can't keep doing this , tom .
you can't stay in here all day .
you don't have to be so formal .
you don't have to get up early .
you don't have to tell me this .
you don't want to be an editor ?
you had better not drive a car .
you have a good sense of humor .
you have more energy than i do .
you have no need to be ashamed .
you live here alone , don't you ?
you must be back by 10 o'clock .
you must take care of your dog .
you need to take a cold shower .
you need to tell tom the truth .
you owe me an apology for that .
you saw that movie , didn't you ?
you should not do such a thing .
you should not wear a fur coat .
you should tell tom what to do .
you were right and i was wrong .
you will always be in my heart .
you will not get there on time .
you'd better go to bed at once .
you're my friends , both of you .
you're one of them , aren't you ?
you're the only one for me now .
your ideas are all out of date .
a bee sting can be very painful .
a car went by at terrific speed .
a card was attached to the gift .
a child today would not do that .
a fish swims by moving its tail .
a full moon can be seen tonight .
a good appetite is a good sauce .
a good idea came across my mind .
a penny saved is a penny earned .
a young person wants to see you .
according to him , she is honest .
after dinner , i did my homework .
after work , tom is always tired .
all at once the lights went out .
all at once they began to laugh .
all men are equal under the law .
all the exams are now behind us .
all the guys teased me about it .
all the students look up to him .
all this is for my personal use .
am i waiting in the wrong place ?
and now a word from our sponsor .
and who did you learn that from ?
are there any bags in this shop ?
are there any tours of the city ?
are there oak trees on the hill ?
are we likely to arrive in time ?
are you afraid of a little girl ?
are you falling in love with me ?
are you for or against his idea ?
are you for or against the bill ?
are you for or against the plan ?
are you happy with how you look ?
are you in favor of this motion ?
are you in trouble with the law ?
are you planning to talk to tom ?
are you saying you can't fix it ?
are you sure you don't know tom ?
are you the author of this book ?
are you the owner of this house ?
ask her how much soup she wants .
ask her when she will come back .
ask him where he parked his car .
at last , we got the information .
be careful . that knife is sharp .
belgium is not as big as france .
both my parents are at home now .
by the way , what's your address ?
call me when you get settled in .
can i take that as a compliment ?
can cats really see in the dark ?
can the lawyer see me on friday ?
can you do some shopping for me ?
can you hold on a little longer ?
can you make sense of this poem ?
can you put the children to bed ?
can you take tom to the airport ?
close your eyes and go to sleep .
could you call a doctor , please ?
could you do me a small service ?
could you do this instead of me ?
could you get in touch with him ?
could you give me a little help ?
could you please do that for me ?
could you write it down , please ?
did anyone see you come in here ?
did anyone see you on the beach ?
did you buy a round trip ticket ?
did you hear my show last night ?
did you just hear what you said ?
did you see tom at school today ?
did you see anyone on the beach ?
didn't you used to be a teacher ?
do i have to take this medicine ?
do not give in to those demands .
do you deny that you went there ?
do you eat rice in your country ?
do you expect me to believe you ?
do you feel like having a drink ?
do you get along with your boss ?
do you have any books in french ?
do you have any messages for me ?
do you have any plans for today ?
do you have change for a dollar ?
do you know how his father died ?
do you know what this is called ?
do you know who wrote this book ?
do you need any help doing that ?
do you think her story is false ?
do you think it's going to snow ?
do you think that's what i want ?
do you want some of these fries ?
do your best in anything you do .
does it snow much in the winter ?
don't be ashamed of who you are .
don't come unless i tell you to .
don't fail to come here by five .
don't judge a book by its cover .
don't let her go out after dark .
don't let that dog come near me !
don't talk back to me like that .
don't talk in a loud voice here .
don't tell me you didn't see it .
don't worry . i'll be right back .
don't worry . i'll stay with you .
don't worry . my lips are sealed .
don't you want to see the world ?
few girls can even speak to him .
frankly , i don't like your idea .
get it done as soon as possible .
get rid of things you don't use .
guess what i found on the beach .
guess what i want to talk about .
has he lived here for two years ?
have you asked if they want one ?
have you been told when to come ?
have you turned off the gas yet ?
he asked if i like chinese food .
he asked me for my phone number .
he behaves as if he were insane .
he buried his head in his hands .
he came in spite of bad weather .
he denied that he knew that man .
he denied that he was the thief .
he did not work on sunday night .
he did what i wanted right away .
he didn't give me time to think .
he didn't want to sell the book .
he differs from me in some ways .
he does not live there any more .
he doesn't look happy to see me .
he doesn't look happy to see us .
he dropped the cup and broke it .
he fixed the problem in a jiffy .
he forgot to turn off the light .
he gets hives when he eats eggs .
he goes to bed at eight o'clock .
he had a second helping of soup .
he has a daughter who is pretty .
he has a natural bent for music .
he has an estate in the country .
he has been dead for five years .
he has been very busy this week .
he has been waiting for an hour .
he has many tenants on his land .
he has no friends to advise him .
he has no hope of getting ahead .
he has started to write a novel .
he held on firmly to the branch .
he helped the lady into the car .
he hit the ball with his racket .
he hit two birds with one stone .
he hung a lamp from the ceiling .
he inserted the key in the lock .
he intends to buy a new bicycle .
he is a good speaker of english .
he is a member in good standing .
he is a member of the committee .
he is about to leave for london .
he is always at home on mondays .
he is getting better bit by bit .
he is not ashamed of being poor .
he is proud of being a musician .
he is related to me by marriage .
he is taller than any other boy .
he is the happiest man on earth .
he is very afraid of his mother .
he keeps on asking me for money .
he kept a diary during the trip .
he kicked him while he was down .
he left his son a large fortune .
he likes to cook for his family .
he likes to sing in the bathtub .
he lived to be eighty years old .
he lives all alone in the woods .
he lives far away from my house .
he lives in a cozy little house .
he lost his life in an accident .
he made believe he was a doctor .
he may be able to come tomorrow .
he must be stopped at all costs .
he ordered me to sweep the room .
he owes his wealth to good luck .
he paused to look at the poster .
he placed the book on the shelf .
he prefers not to talk about it .
he put his hand to his forehead .
he put his hands in his pockets .
he put his things down and left .
he replied that he did not know .
he said we must keep the secret .
he seems to have lived in spain .
he stood aside for her to enter .
he suspects me of telling a lie .
he told me to speak more slowly .
he took me for everything i had .
he took what little money i had .
he tried it over and over again .
he tried to hold back his anger .
he tried to keep back his tears .
he was born in the 19th century .
he was impatient to see his son .
he was killed by a blunt weapon .
he was killed in a car accident .
he was kind enough to invite me .
he was late because of the snow .
he was right to give up smoking .
he was taken in by the salesman .
he was the one who suggested it .
he was tired from his long walk .
he was too embarrassed to do it .
he was walking ahead of the car .
he went to london two years ago .
he went to new york on business .
he went to stay with his cousin .
he who laughs last , laughs best .
he will be delighted to see you .
he wiped his nose on his sleeve .
he wiped the sweat off his face .
he won't live more than one day .
he works as hard as any student .
he works in a big city hospital .
he's good at this sort of thing .
he's saving up to go to college .
her dream has come true at last .
her story turned out to be true .
his house is there on the right .
his story turned out to be true .
hope to see you again next year .
how are you planning to do that ?
how could i not see this coming ?
how did you lose so much weight ?
how did you vote on that matter ?
how do you feel about the issue ?
how do you spell your last name ?
how do you write your last name ?
how far are we from the airport ?
how long did you stay in canada ?
how long has tom been like this ?
how long have you been in japan ?
how long will you stay in japan ?
how long will you stay in kyoto ?
how long will you stay in tokyo ?
how long would you like to stay ?
how many boys are in this class ?
how much does my debt amount to ?
how much is the tour per person ?
how often do you use your phone ?
how often do you wash your hair ?
hurry , or you'll miss the train .
i accepted that a long time ago .
i agree with you to some extent .
i agreed with him on that point .
i always wanted to be a teacher .
i always wanted to go to boston .
i am afraid i ate something bad .
i am going on a picnic tomorrow .
i am going to the swimming pool .
i am not always free on sundays .
i am not in the least surprised .
i am relieved that you are safe .
i am sorry to have troubled you .
i am very sensitive to the cold .
i appreciate what he did for me .
i believe what you said is true .
i believed that he was a doctor .
i bought a camera the other day .
i can get us there more quickly .
i can't believe i was so stupid .
i can't blame tom for hating me .
i can't decide which car to buy .
i can't do this job without you .
i can't get anyone to assist me .
i can't let tom keep doing that .
i can't tell you all my secrets .
i can't think of any other plan .
i can't wait for him any longer .
i cannot bear the pain any more .
i cannot put up with this noise .
i checked the time on the clock .
i come from a family of doctors .
i could eat this for every meal .
i could really get used to this .
i could've done better , i think .
i did not read a book yesterday .
i didn't enjoy the party at all .
i didn't expect to see you here .
i didn't know that he was there .
i didn't know that woman at all .
i didn't know you had a brother .
i didn't know you had hay fever .
i didn't know you were a doctor .
i didn't like beer at that time .
i didn't mean to keep it secret .
i didn't meet any of my friends .
i didn't quite know what to say .
i didn't really want to do that .
i didn't see a doctor last year .
i didn't think it was a problem .
i didn't think we could do that .
i didn't think you'd be so late .
i don't believe a word tom says .
i don't believe that to be true .
i don't care what happens to me .
i don't even have a car anymore .
i don't even know where to look .
i don't expect you to start now .
i don't feel like a man anymore .
i don't get along with that guy .
i don't have any rooms for rent .
i don't have my glasses with me .
i don't have that kind of money .
i don't know how long we've got .
i don't know how to address you .
i don't know how to contact you .
i don't know how to describe it .
i don't know how to handle this .
i don't know if i'm staying yet .
i don't know the answer to that .
i don't know what i'm doing yet .
i don't know what it's like yet .
i don't know what that thing is .
i don't know what the answer is .
i don't know what the matter is .
i don't know what this is about .
i don't know what to do anymore .
i don't know what you call this .
i don't know what's best for me .
i don't know when i should come .
i don't know when he'll be here .
i don't know where i am exactly .
i don't know where it came from .
i don't know why it didn't work .
i don't like any kind of sports .
i don't like his taste in color .
i don't like his way of talking .
i don't like that kind of music .
i don't like the way she speaks .
i don't like this type of house .
i don't like to be kept waiting .
i don't like to speak in public .
i don't need to be here anymore .
i don't really know what to say .
i don't really like any of that .
i don't see a problem with this .
i don't see how that would help .
i don't see that it matters now .
i don't spend much time at home .
i don't tell people what to eat .
i don't think i can answer that .
i don't think i can do anything .
i don't think i can leave early .
i don't think it works that way .
i don't think this is a problem .
i don't think we should do that .
i don't think you can sell that .
i don't want my mother to worry .
i don't want to lose this match .
i don't want to open the window .
i don't want to tell my parents .
i don't want to waste your time .
i doubt the truth of the report .
i dreamed i was in boston again .
i drove the car into the garage .
i enjoy looking at my old diary .
i expect to be back next monday .
i expected him to fail the exam .
i expected you home an hour ago .
i feel a lot better than before .
i feel great and i feel healthy .
i feel like having an ice cream .
i feel like singing in the rain .
i figured i might find you here .
i filled up the vase with water .
i first met him three years ago .
i forgot my credit card at home .
i forgot to buy a birthday cake .
i gave her just what she needed .
i get asked that question a lot .
i got here a little early today .
i got up very late this morning .
i guess i could use some advice .
i guess i could use the company .
i guess i just got carried away .
i guess i'll find out next week .
i guess that she is over thirty .
i guess that would be all right .
i guess we were happy back then .
i guess we're both going to die .
i guess you must be very hungry .
i had a chance to travel abroad .
i had a very good day yesterday .
i had bought it the week before .
i had no idea you were involved .
i had something else on my mind .
i had to see a doctor yesterday .
i hate the color of these walls .
i have a bad feeling about this .
i have bruises all over my body .
i have enough money to buy this .
i have hardly any money with me .
i have lived here for ten years .
i have lost all respect for you .
i have lost my new fountain pen .
i have no proof to the contrary .
i have nothing more to do today .
i have nothing to report so far .
i have nothing to say right now .
i have to finish what i started .
i haven't read any of his books .
i haven't seen any of his films .
i heard her singing in her room .
i heard the song sung in french .
i hope our luck doesn't run out .
i hope that it is fine tomorrow .
i hope you stop telling me lies .
i hope your wish will come true .
i just can't help you right now .
i just can't help you this time .
i just didn't want to upset you .
i just didn't want you to worry .
i just don't have what it takes .
i just don't want to believe it .
i just got back three hours ago .
i just got bitten by a mosquito .
i just haven't gotten to it yet .
i just want things to be normal .
i just want to do something fun .
i just want us to stay together .
i just want what i was promised .
i just want what's best for you .
i just wanted to check my email .
i just wanted to make a gesture .
i just wanted us to be together .
i keep my hammer in the toolbox .
i knew it would be an adventure .
i knew this was going to happen .
i knew what was going to happen .
i know i can't take tom's place .
i know i'm going to regret this .
i know exactly what i should do .
i know somebody who can help us .
i know someone who can help you .
i know that i don't deserve you .
i know we're a pretty good team .
i know what they're going to do .
i know what you were hoping for .
i know you're working part - time .
i learned not to ignore my pain .
i left my calculator on my desk .
i left my gloves in the library .
i left my guitar in your office .
i left part of the meal uneaten .
i left the keys in the ignition .
i like being part of this group .
i like him because he is honest .
i like hot tea better than cold .
i like to be with my classmates .
i like to swim in the afternoon .
i listened , but i heard nothing .
i lived in sanda city last year .
i locked myself out of my house .
i looked around , but saw nobody .
i love the view from my balcony .
i love what i'm doing right now .
i miss my family and my country .
i miss my family and my friends .
i miss you when you're not here .
i must hand in the report today .
i must know the truth about him .
i must learn this poem by heart .
i need it for the parking meter .
i need that as soon as possible .
i never said it would be simple .
i never said that i wanted that .
i never spoke to him after that .
i never thought i would do that .
i never thought tom could do it .
i never want to leave you again .
i no longer want to hurt anyone .
i often hear her play the piano .
i often think of my dead mother .
i only hope you're not too late .
i paid for the purchase in cash .
i paid ten dollars for this cap .
i plan on being there in person .
i play guitar in an oldies band .
i prefer a hotel by the airport .
i prefer not to discuss it here .
i prefer red wine to white wine .
i promise i won't do this again .
i read your letter to my family .
i really don't know what to say .
i really see no reason to leave .
i really want to hold your hand .
i refuse to obey you any longer .
i remember when i first saw you .
i said that wasn't what i meant .
i sat down and opened my laptop .
i saw a boy crossing the street .
i saw a cottage in the distance .
i saw a dog crossing the street .
i saw you in the park yesterday .
i seem to have the wrong number .
i share the room with my sister .
i still find it hard to believe .
i suppose you know all about it .
i sure am glad you weren't hurt .
i think i'll snooze for a while .
i think i'll take a look around .
i think i'm a pretty normal guy .
i think i'm going back to sleep .
i think i've made a big mistake .
i think tom doesn't like to ski .
i think tom is hiding from mary .
i think tom is pulling your leg .
i think tom may be mentally ill .
i think tom was looking for you .
i think it's obvious , don't you ?
i think maybe that was my fault .
i think my german is really bad .
i think we should all go inside .
i think you did the right thing .
i think you should grow a beard .
i think you should listen to me .
i think you should see a doctor .
i think you're going to make it .
i thought you could use a break .
i thought you didn't want to go .
i thought you'd want to help me .
i thrust my hand into my pocket .
i told him what the problem was .
i told you to sign the document .
i took his side in the argument .
i tried to tell you this before .
i walked in the woods by myself .
i want him to solve the problem .
i want people to know the truth .
i want these people out of here .
i want things the way they were .
i want this garbage out of here .
i want to go to america someday .
i want to make my parents proud .
i want to sleep a little longer .
i want to speak to your manager .
i want to talk about the future .
i want to talk to your superior .
i want you to keep your promise .
i want you to stop following me .
i wanted to learn from the best .
i was able to solve the problem .
i was at home all day yesterday .
i was beginning to lose my cool .
i was impressed with what i saw .
i was in the hospital last week .
i was just trying to be helpful .
i was kicked out of high school .
i was never a very good athlete .
i was the happiest man on earth .
i was too afraid to do anything .
i was too scared to do anything .
i was writing her a love letter .
i wasn't the one who wrote this .
i went swimming after i woke up .
i went through a lot of trouble .
i went to europe before the war .
i will advise you on the matter .
i will do anything that you ask .
i will go with you if necessary .
i will keep your advice in mind .
i will show you around the city .
i wish i could be more specific .
i wish i could've spoken to tom .
i wish my dream would come true .
i wish you could stay the night .
i wish you success in your work .
i wonder if tom has another one .
i wonder if anybody can help us .
i wonder if this is really true .
i wonder if you are truly happy .
i wonder what i should do today .
i wonder what tom thought of it .
i wonder what ear lobes are for .
i wonder what has become of her .
i would like some sugar , please .
i would like to charter a yacht .
i would like to meet his father .
i would sooner die than give up .
i would tend to agree with that .
i'd better get back to work now .
i'd like to insure this , please .
i'd like to know more about tom .
i'd like to know the exact time .
i'd like to know the reason why .
i'd like us to be friends again .
i'd like you to meet my husband .
i'd love to come back next week .
i'd rather walk than take a bus .
i'll always be here to help you .
i'll be back before you know it .
i'll be gone for an entire week .
i'll be more than happy to help .
i'll be staying here for a week .
i'll believe that when i see it .
i'll give you a piece of advice .
i'll go get us something to eat .
i'll graduate this year , i hope .
i'll just have one or two beers .
i'll not be at home next sunday .
i'll put you out of your misery .
i'll show you how to catch fish .
i'll take two or three days off .
i'll tell you when we get there .
i'm afraid it's not a good idea .
i'm afraid that i might be late .
i'm going to new york next week .
i'm going to catch the next bus .
i'm going to go call the police .
i'm going to teach you a lesson .
i'm going to tell you the truth .
i'm happy to report that we won .
i'm just as confused as you are .
i'm just glad no one was killed .
i'm leaving town for a few days .
i'm looking for a room for rent .
i'm not as intelligent as he is .
i'm not going to argue with you .
i'm not going to close the door .
i'm not going to play this game .
i'm not going to tell you again .
i'm not going to waste my money .
i'm not prepared to do that yet .
i'm not rich enough to buy that .
i'm not sure i'm ready for this .
i'm not sure how to answer this .
i'm not sure if this is correct .
i'm not sure when he'll turn up .
i'm not taking no for an answer .
i'm only going to say this once .
i'm only going to show you once .
i'm ready to roll up my sleeves .
i'm ready to throw in the towel .
i'm saving money for my old age .
i'm short of cash at the moment .
i'm sorry , i don't speak french .
i'm sorry , my father's not here .
i'm sorry . i know i overreacted .
i'm taking a couple of days off .
i'm tired of him bawling me out .
i'm too tired to go out jogging .
i'm waiting for him to get back .
i'm waiting to see if it's true .
i've got a bad memory for names .
i've got all the friends i need .
i've got someplace i need to be .
i've just found out who you are .
i've never done this in my life .
i've seen a lot of him recently .
i've tried to explain it to tom .
if only i had taken your advice .
if you need anything , just call .
in life there are ups and downs .
is it a compliment or an insult ?
is that supposed to cheer me up ?
is there anybody else i can ask ?
is there anything else i can do ?
is this place far from the bank ?
it doesn't have to be like this .
it fits on a single floppy disk .
it is difficult for me to skate .
it is getting warmer day by day .
it is really quite a good story .
it is said the house is haunted .
it isn't something i want to do .
it makes a big difference to me .
it rained for three days on end .
it seems that he knows about it .
it was a bitter pill to swallow .
it was a warm , friendly meeting .
it was an ideal day for walking .
it was bound to happen some day .
it was not easy to convince him .
it would be nice to get married .
it's a good way to make friends .
it's a little late for that now .
it's a matter of life and death .
it's a pity that you can't come .
it's about time to go to school .
it's almost midnight . go to bed .
it's an art more than a science .
it's boring to wait for a train .
it's easy to pick up bad habits .
it's hard to steal from a thief .
it's like being in a candy shop .
it's no use asking me for money .
it's not an either - or situation .
it's not for the faint of heart .
it's true that he saw a monster .
it's unlike him to get so angry .
it's warm for this time of year .
just tell tom to leave me alone .
keeping a diary is a good habit .
last night was great , wasn't it ?
last night , i listened to radio .
let me give you my phone number .
let me help you clear the table .
let me help you with the dishes .
let's get rid of all this stuff .
let's just drop the subject , ok ?
let's just say i'm here to stay .
let's meet up for a drink later .
let's talk over a cup of coffee .
long hair is out of fashion now .
look at that pole in the square .
look at the picture on the wall .
many friends came to see me off .
mary is as pretty as her sister .
mary is the prettier of the two .
mary really is a very cute girl .
may i ask a couple of questions ?
may i come and see you tomorrow ?
may i disturb you just a moment ?
maybe he will be a good teacher .
mom bought a pretty doll for me .
mother and i were in the garden .
my aunt is older than my mother .
my bicycle is in need of repair .
my dad died when i was thirteen .
my dog follows me wherever i go .
my dream is to become a teacher .
my family is not all that large .
my father drives a very old car .
my father is very angry with me .
my home is close to the station .
my kids don't usually lie to me .
my mother cut my hair too short .
my mother is not always at home .
my mother made a sweater for me .
my mother was sick for two days .
my office is on the fifth floor .
my parents call me up every day .
my parents want me to come home .
my sister is a very good typist .
my wife is away for the weekend .
my wife wanted to adopt a child .
next week a family will move in .
no one can match him in english .
no one could tell where she was .
no one had anything left to say .
no one lets me have fun anymore .
no one seems to know the answer .
no one was in the swimming pool .
no one will vote for the budget .
none of us are against his idea .
not all of us can speak english .
now it's time to say good night .
on mondays , he's always at home .
one more bottle of wine , please .
oranges have a lot of vitamin c .
our new head office is in tokyo .
please bear in mind what i said .
please do not walk on the grass .
please give me a glass of water .
please give me a piece of bread .
please give me a sheet of paper .
please put it back in its place .
please put your age on the form .
please stay as long as you wish .
poverty is the root of all evil .
prices are about to go up again .
put the book where you found it .
right now i don't have any time .
same - sex marriage is legal here .
say hello to your father for me .
say hello to your sister for me .
shall i prepare you a warm meal ?
she accused me of telling a lie .
she advised him to see a lawyer .
she asked him to call her later .
she asked him why he was crying .
she asked me to open the window .
she can swim further than i can .
she cleaned her room in a hurry .
she did nothing but cry all day .
she dumped him for a richer man .
she fell down and hurt her knee .
she gave me a fake phone number .
she got off at the next station .
she had a basket full of apples .
she had nothing to say about it .
she had the kindness to help me .
she has a scarf around her neck .
she is certain to pass the exam .
she is expecting a baby in june .
she is looking for her car keys .
she is two years older than you .
she lived with him all her life .
she looked him right in the eye .
she looks a lot like her mother .
she put her elbows on her knees .
she risked her life to save him .
she said she must leave at once .
she said she would be back soon .
she sang a japanese song for us .
she saw him driving his new car .
she saw many animals on the way .
she tends to be late for school .
she thought that i was a doctor .
she told him that she loved him .
she told him that she was happy .
she told us the road was closed .
she took the taxi to the museum .
she tried in vain to please him .
she waited for him to come home .
she wants to work in a hospital .
she was a pioneer in this field .
she was amazed to hear the news .
she was born in a small village .
she was nearly hit by a bicycle .
she was on the point of leaving .
she was very happy with my gift .
she went with him to the movies .
she will give a party next week .
she will have a baby next month .
she will pay 50 dollars at most .
she wrote a book about the bird .
she wrote about it in her diary .
she's six years older than i am .
show me how much money you have .
show me what you've done so far .
sing the song once more , please .
smell is one of the five senses .
sometimes i see him at the club .
stay here all night if you want .
stop it . you're making me blush .
supper is served at nine - thirty .
take your coat in case it rains .
take your time . there's no rush .
tell tom i don't have his money .
tell me the object of your plan .
thank you for coming to meet me .
thank you for making it so easy .
thank you so much for coming by .
thanks a lot . i appreciate that .
that boy won't tell me his name .
that has nothing to do with him .
that is how he always treats me .
that is not exactly what i said .
that man stole all of his money .
that song reminds me of my home .
that sounds too good to be true .
that was just icing on the cake .
that was rather good , wasn't it ?
that's how i found out about it .
that's just what i want to hear .
that's not fair and you know it .
that's not the end of the story .
that's not true and you know it .
that's not what i'm going to do .
that's not what you used to say .
that's the car i told you about .
that's the one thing i can't do .
that's the safest way , isn't it ?
that's what i was thinking , too .
that's why i wanted you to know .
the baby cannot use a spoon yet .
the bank was held up last night .
the bicycle by the door is mine .
the boss said that we are fired .
the boy threw stones at the dog .
the car he's driving is not his .
the child was hiding in the box .
the dog seems to have been sick .
the dog was sleeping on the mat .
the dogs bayed at the full moon .
the fire was on the first floor .
the first round is on the house .
the house is said to be haunted .
the key was nowhere to be found .
the kite got caught in the tree .
the library is on the 4th floor .
the little boy said hello to me .
the machine takes a lot of room .
the noise will wake the baby up .
the nurses were very nice to me .
the old couple sat side by side .
the old man begged me for money .
the old man is angry and bitter .
the pain in my stomach has gone .
the plane was about to take off .
the plane will take off at five .
the present time is a good time .
the prize won't be given to her .
the problem was too much for me .
the rent is paid for six months .
the rest of them will come soon .
the road is too narrow for cars .
the room was in a perfect order .
the storm raged in all its fury .
the story was in all the papers .
the sun gives us light and heat .
the tie doesn't go with my suit .
the tower can be seen from here .
the train came to a smooth stop .
the two of us are finally alone .
the two of us don't belong here .
the whole town was in an uproar .
there are many rats on the ship .
there are no tables in the room .
there are six apples in the box .
there are some pears in the box .
there are too many things to do !
there is an orange on the table .
there is no film in this camera .
there is no shame in being poor .
there is no wine in that bottle .
there may be a problem with tom .
there may be some truth to this .
there was a bottle of wine left .
there's a big hole in your sock .
they accused me of being a liar .
they are willing to help us out .
they don't look happy to see me .
they don't look happy to see us .
they had no idea what to expect .
they often make fun of the boss .
they were afraid of the big dog .
they would like to stay at home .
this book goes on the top shelf .
this book has a lot of pictures .
this book should help you a lot .
this doctor is a man of culture .
this is a photograph of my home .
this is going to be a challenge .
this is just between you and me .
this is the watch that i'd lost .
this jacket is a little too big .
this mouse was killed by my cat .
this one is similar to that one .
this stone is too heavy to lift .
this truck is in need of repair .
this will do for the time being .
today is our last day of school .
tom allowed his dog to run free .
tom and mary broke up last week .
tom and mary fight all the time .
tom and mary got into their car .
tom asked mary if she loved him .
tom asked mary why she was late .
tom assigned mary to do the job .
tom didn't do what he was asked .
tom didn't even know i was here .
tom didn't know what else to do .
tom didn't want me to touch him .
tom doesn't care , but mary does .
tom doesn't eat as much as mary .
tom gave mary half of the apple .
tom got there long after we did .
tom had a package under his arm .
tom had every right to be angry .
tom hadn't seen mary in a while .
tom handed mary a cup of coffee .
tom has a lot of valuable books .
tom has a son who's a policeman .
tom has a warped sense of humor .
tom has decided to sell his car .
tom has no idea what that means .
tom is a former student of mine .
tom is a perfect stranger to me .
tom is always open to new ideas .
tom is always trying to be cool .
tom is deeply in love with mary .
tom is going to cross the river .
tom is much older than he looks .
tom is much taller than you are .
tom is not playing by the rules .
tom is one of my oldest friends .
tom is the tallest in his class .
tom is too tired to do anything .
tom is writing a letter to mary .
tom isn't going to listen to me .
tom just wants to be left alone .
tom knows he's not going to win .
tom knows that i don't like him .
tom lives on the floor above me .
tom must be aware of the danger .
tom poured mary a cup of coffee .
tom put on one of john's shirts .
tom said that he'd pay the bill .
tom said you were good at chess .
tom says he has nothing to hide .
tom says that he hates to study .
tom shut the door and locked it .
tom still wants you to help him .
tom thought he was going to die .
tom told mary to tell the truth .
tom took a couple of steps back .
tom took a taxi to the hospital .
tom wants to buy a japanese car .
tom was sick in bed last sunday .
tom was stretched out on a sofa .
tom went to high school with me .
tom will always be here for you .
tom will be here any minute now .
tom will be in boston next year .
tom will know what we should do .
tom won't tell us what he knows .
tom would never do that to mary .
try to get a good night's sleep .
turn on the rice cooker , please .
two sheep were killed by a wolf .
we asked him what he was called .
we can see his house over there .
we can't get close to the enemy .
we don't even know if it's true .
we gave blood to help the child .
we had fine weather on that day .
we have lunch at noon every day .
we have plenty of time to spare .
we have to deal with that first .
we have to get something to eat .
we have to keep working on that .
we heard a noise in the bedroom .
we managed to get there on time .
we met them at the youth hostel .
we might need to sell our house .
we must go to bed early tonight .
we need to come to an agreement .
we need to do this report again .
we need to make a slight detour .
we saw a castle in the distance .
we set up our tents before dark .
we sometimes go out for a drive .
we stood at the door and waited .
we talk to each other every day .
we want to know where you stand .
we want to make a simple change .
we want to thank you for coming .
we wanted to wish you good luck .
we went back to the living room .
we went to the mountains to ski .
we went to the museum last week .
we went to the same high school .
we were expecting a lot of snow .
we're going to have so much fun .
we're working as fast as we can .
we've looked at a lot of things .
we've lost three games in a row .
what are you doing in my office ?
what are you doing to stop this ?
what can be the meaning of this ?
what color did tom dye his hair ?
what could be the meaning of it ?
what did you do at school today ?
what did you do to get grounded ?
what did you do with my luggage ?
what did you do with the camera ?
what did you think of the party ?
what do they know that we don't ?
what do they want to talk about ?
what do you base your theory on ?
what do you do in the afternoon ?
what do you know about all this ?
what do you think is down there ?
what do you think of my costume ?
what do you want to do tomorrow ?
what does this look like to you ?
what else have you got going on ?
what else would you like to eat ?
what fruit do you like the best ?
what gives you the right to ask ?
what have you been up to lately ?
what in the world are you doing ?
what is the price of this watch ?
what is the reason for that lie ?
what kind of shampoo do you use ?
what kinds of beers do you have ?
what shall i do with her letter ?
what should i tell the kids now ?
what time are you going on duty ?
what time do you usually get up ?
what would you like to do today ?
what would you take for the lot ?
what's the matter ? just tell me .
when did you find out the truth ?
when do you think he'll be back ?
where did you get all this from ?
where did you get your hair cut ?
where do you get your hair done ?
where do you think we came from ?
where on earth did you meet him ?
where would you like to go next ?
which is the heavier of the two ?
which one of you is the psychic ?
who do you think she lives with ?
who's going to pay for all this ?
whoever told you that is a liar .
why are you so hard on yourself ?
why did you make such a mistake ?
why did you paint the bench red ?
why did you turn down his offer ?
why didn't you say it like that ?
why do you always wear that hat ?
why do you want to learn french ?
why do you want to study abroad ?
why don't you give tennis a try ?
why don't you sit here a moment ?
will you explain the rule to me ?
will you help me clean the room ?
will you please show me the way ?
will you sell your house to him ?
without your help , i would fail .
won't you have some tea with me ?
would you check the oil , please ?
would you like a glass of water ?
would you like me to explain it ?
would you like to dance with me ?
would you like to have some tea ?
would you like to join our team ?
would you like to see your room ?
would you like to take a recess ?
would you move your car , please ?
would you please turn on the tv ?
would you teach me how to dance ?
yesterday , he told me the truth .
you are old enough to know this .
you came at just the right time .
you can do whatever you want to .
you can only smoke on the patio .
you can't be two places at once .
you can't do two things at once .
you can't have fun all the time .
you can't just sit here all day .
you can't pick who you fall for .
you could come and live with me .
you didn't need to tell me that .
you don't have to be so nervous .
you don't have to tell me twice .
you don't need to come so early .
you don't speak english , do you ?
you had better do what they say .
you had better not eat too much .
you have gone too far this time .
you have lovely eyes , don't you ?
you know quite a lot about sumo .
you must not be late for school .
you must return the book to him .
you must teach me what you know .
you need not have come so early .
you ought not to have done that .
you really didn't know , did you ?
you really should buy a new car .
you should have done it with us .
you stick out like a sore thumb .
you think i'm scared , don't you ?
you were very busy , weren't you ?
you won't be the only one there .
you're the best man for the job .
you've done the best you can do .
you've got to be making this up .
your dog is still barking at me .
your mother is going to kill me .
a baby is sleeping in the cradle .
a big wave turned over his canoe .
a coat is an article of clothing .
a coin dropped out of his pocket .
a curfew was imposed on the city .
a driver was sleeping in the car .
a few people came to the lecture .
a good book is a great companion .
a plane is flying above the city .
a ring and some cash are missing .
a rope was thrown into the water .
a woman without a man is nothing .
about how many books do you have ?
about how much money do you need ?
all her money went to her nephew .
all right , everyone , remain calm .
all we need is a little patience .
almost all of the dogs are alive .
are there any apples on the tree ?
are these all the sizes you have ?
are these the only ones you have ?
are they taking good care of you ?
are you going to eat those fries ?
are you sure we have enough beer ?
are you sure you just want water ?
are you tired of waiting in line ?
are you trying to be funny again ?
ask at the police box over there .
at what time did the show finish ?
at what time does your class end ?
be careful not to drink too much .
be careful on your way back home .
be careful when you cross a road .
because he's sick , he can't come .
both tom and mary are my friends .
call me if you have any problems .
can i borrow cash with this card ?
can i borrow some money from you ?
can i get you something to drink ?
can i get your attention , please ?
can it be phrased in another way ?
can somebody give me a hand here ?
can we get started with the game ?
can you give me your cell number ?
can you help look after the kids ?
can you sing a song for everyone ?
can you tell us how that'll work ?
can you wrap these neatly for me ?
cats can see even in dark places .
comb your hair before you go out .
could i have some coffee , please ?
could you download a file for me ?
could you spare me a few minutes ?
could you spare me a little time ?
did you go to any famous gardens ?
did you hear what we were saying ?
did you tell tom why you're here ?
didn't i show you my new mustang ?
didn't you write a letter to him ?
do not talk with your mouth full .
do you ever think about that guy ?
do you have any one dollar bills ?
do you have one a little smaller ?
do you have something to show me ?
do you have your laptop with you ?
do you know how to speak english ?
do you know what tom was wearing ?
do you know what color she likes ?
do you know where tokyo tower is ?
do you know where the girl lives ?
do you know where they come from ?
do you know who wrote this novel ?
do you love each other very much ?
do you mind waiting for a minute ?
do you really think tom is happy ?
do you really think it's no good ?
do you think i'm wasting my time ?
do you think animals have a soul ?
do you think he's really into me ?
do you want another one of these ?
do you want any of these flowers ?
do you want sugar in your coffee ?
do you want to come over tonight ?
doing that will take a long time .
don't bury your head in the sand .
don't cry . everything will be ok .
don't forget to put out the fire .
don't judge a man by his clothes .
don't put any sugar in my coffee .
don't say it in a roundabout way .
don't worry . we'll get the money .
don't you think that's a bit odd ?
don't you think the dog is smart ?
english is studied in china , too .
every time they talk , they argue .
excuse me . can you speak english ?
father wants to make me a doctor .
figure up how much it amounts to .
for example , do you like english ?
get in . i'll drive you somewhere .
go and buy three bottles of coke .
go away before they see you here .
god created man in his own image .
have a good look at this picture .
have you ever cheated on an exam ?
have you ever eaten a banana pie ?
have you ever heard such a story ?
he acted like he owned the place .
he always cries when he is drunk .
he always treats me like a child .
he asked me to speak more slowly .
he asked me where my uncle lived .
he became wiser as he grew older .
he believes that he can prove it .
he bought a bottle of cheap wine .
he called me up almost every day .
he came to japan seven years ago .
he can also speak a little greek .
he cannot have done such a thing .
he commanded me to shut the gate .
he could not hold back his tears .
he cut his finger with the knife .
he dared not jump over the brook .
he did the work against his will .
he didn't go and i didn't either .
he didn't look like a clever boy .
he didn't try to answer her back .
he doesn't know how to play golf .
he doesn't want to talk about it .
he found the box under the table .
he gave me a lecture on drinking .
he gave me his stamp of approval .
he goes there three times a week .
he had every reason for doing so .
he had no memory of the accident .
he has a brother and two sisters .
he has a large family to support .
he has trouble waking up on time .
he is a man who loves ceremonies .
he is a wolf in sheep's clothing .
he is ahead of us in mathematics .
he is anxious to know the result .
he is beginning to lose his hair .
he is expected to come home soon .
he is living apart from his wife .
he is nothing more than a coward .
he is old enough to travel alone .
he is pleased with his new shoes .
he is still sitting on the bench .
he is the chief of my department .
he is the father of two children .
he is very stingy with his money .
he is well liked by his students .
he kicked the ball with his foot .
he knows every inch of this area .
he knows how to behave in public .
he knows how to fly a helicopter .
he leaves for new york next week .
he left japan never to come back .
he likes sports as well as music .
he lived in ankara for six years .
he lived to be seventy years old .
he lives by himself in the woods .
he lost his ticket for the movie .
he makes good use of his talents .
he may have missed his usual bus .
he never takes me out for dinner .
he owes his success to good luck .
he played the piano and she sang .
he proved to be an ideal husband .
he put the ring on mary's finger .
he read the letter over and over .
he said that it was nine o'clock .
he sat and listened to the radio .
he scraped the mud off his boots .
he shook his son by the shoulder .
he should be back any minute now .
he silently went out of the room .
he stared at me and said nothing .
he stuck his knife into the tree .
he taught a group of indian boys .
he thanked her for her kind help .
he thought that i was very tired .
he told me good things about you .
he told the students to be quiet .
he took the wrong bus by mistake .
he tried to soothe the angry man .
he turned to his friend for help .
he used his umbrella as a weapon .
he usually went to bed at eleven .
he wants a watch just like yours .
he wants to get a new dictionary .
he was a weak and delicate child .
he was elected mayor of the city .
he was framed on a murder charge .
he was involved in a murder case .
he was the last person to arrive .
he weighed the stone in his hand .
he weighs a lot more than before .
he will forever be in our hearts .
he will make a good team captain .
he wiped the sweat from his brow .
he wiped the sweat from his face .
he wondered why she did not come .
he wrote it down in his notebook .
he'll come on foot or by bicycle .
he'll do whatever you ask him to .
he'll have to do this task again .
he's english , but lives in india .
he's a carbon copy of his father .
he's a crybaby , just like always .
he's getting soft in his old age .
he's more than likely to be late .
he's not at all afraid of snakes .
he's old enough to be her father .
he's three years older than i am .
help me with my homework , please .
help yourself to a piece of cake .
her beauty cast a spell over him .
her dream will one day come true .
her red dress made her stand out .
here is the fish my mother baked .
here is the house where he lived .
his brother was lost in the town .
his guess turned out to be right .
his office is very close to mine .
his opinion was the same as mine .
his story turned out to be false .
his wife doesn't seem ugly to me .
his wife opened the door for him .
his wife seems to be a foreigner .
honesty will pay in the long run .
how could we have been so stupid ?
how did you deal with the matter ?
how did you know one was missing ?
how did you spend your free time ?
how do they expect us to survive ?
how do you tell each other apart ?
how is your weekend going so far ?
how long have you lived in sanda ?
how many are there in your class ?
how many fingers am i holding up ?
how many people are in your crew ?
how many people do you know well ?
how many years was tom in boston ?
how much is this tour per person ?
how would you like us to proceed ?
i admit there are a few problems .
i advised him to give up smoking .
i advised him to keep the secret .
i already told you he isn't here .
i always counted you as a friend .
i am ashamed of my son's conduct .
i am eating lunch with my sister .
i am expecting a letter from her .
i am in favor of the proposition .
i am looking for a jewelry store .
i am losing my patience with you .
i am tired of my monotonous life .
i appreciate what you did for me .
i beg of you to listen carefully .
i believe she is a charming girl .
i bet you didn't see that coming .
i bought this book the other day .
i can hardly wait to get started .
i can't believe i just said that .
i can't believe how stupid i was .
i can't believe they made us pay .
i can't believe we fell for that .
i can't do this without you guys .
i can't eat fruit in the morning .
i can't force you to do anything .
i can't keep you here any longer .
i can't remember how to go there .
i can't spend money i don't have .
i can't stand the sight of blood .
i can't stand this pain any more .
i can't tell you where tom lives .
i can't wait for school to start .
i carried the box on my shoulder .
i could see tokyo tower far away .
i could sense that tom was upset .
i did not mean to disappoint her .
i didn't deserve to go to prison .
i didn't expect to find you here .
i didn't go to school last month .
i didn't know you were a dentist .
i didn't need to paint the fence .
i didn't sleep at all last night .
i didn't think i needed any help .
i didn't think i'd meet you here .
i do hope you enjoyed the dinner .
i do not believe in magic spells .
i do not believe that god exists .
i do not know anything about him .
i don't blame you for doing that .
i don't deserve to be this happy .
i don't drink all that much beer .
i don't even know where to begin .
i don't even know where to start .
i don't even know your real name .
i don't expect you to forgive me .
i don't feel like doing it today .
i don't have a problem with this .
i don't have any comment on that .
i don't have any issue with that .
i don't have any problems at all .
i don't have anywhere else to go .
i don't have that much time left .
i don't have the address with me .
i don't know and neither does he .
i don't know any of those people .
i don't know how long it'll last .
i don't know how long it'll take .
i don't know how to play mahjong .
i don't know much more than that .
i don't know that much about you .
i don't know what i was thinking .
i don't know what i'm doing here .
i don't know what to do tomorrow .
i don't know what's got into her .
i don't know when it was exactly .
i don't know where i should look .
i don't know where he comes from .
i don't know who you are anymore .
i don't like your taste in color .
i don't mind walking in the rain .
i don't need a suitcase that big .
i don't need an answer right now .
i don't need this kind of stress .
i don't need you or anybody else .
i don't see a problem doing that .
i don't think tom will come back .
i don't think about it that much .
i don't think that she will come .
i don't think we should buy this .
i don't want to ask you anything .
i don't want to break my promise .
i don't want to get into trouble .
i don't want you to get involved .
i eat my breakfast in the office .
i fear for the future of mankind .
i feel like i'm thirty years old .
i feel lucky to have been chosen .
i feel sick whenever i see blood .
i figured that might be the case .
i figured you might want a drink .
i forgot to give him the message .
i gave up smoking six months ago .
i get arrested from time to time .
i go swimming every chance i get .
i go to the country every summer .
i got up very early this morning .
i guess i'm just a little sleepy .
i guess you know i've missed you .
i had a really nice time tonight .
i had a strange dream last night .
i had no idea what was happening .
i had to do everything by myself .
i had to finish what i'd started .
i had to help with the housework .
i had to look after the children .
i had to see someone on business .
i have a craving for fresh fruit .
i have a daughter in high school .
i have a friend living in london .
i have courage and a strong will .
i have lived in tokyo since 1985 .
i have no place to sleep tonight .
i have nothing to say against it .
i have some pictures to show you .
i have something i'd like to say .
i have thirteen names on my list .
i have to choose between the two .
i have to support a large family .
i have two brothers and a sister .
i have very few books in english .
i haven't decided what to do yet .
i haven't read any of his novels .
i hear that his father is abroad .
i hope tom knows what he's doing .
i hope all your dreams come true .
i hope it does not rain tomorrow .
i imagine tom will be a finalist .
i intend to go to the barbershop .
i intend to listen to it tonight .
i just don't think this is funny .
i just don't want to hurt anyone .
i just downloaded a lot of files .
i just dropped in to say goodbye .
i just got a little carried away .
i just got out of a relationship .
i just had to check on something .
i just have one question for you .
i just want to hear your reasons .
i just wanted to make that clear .
i knew this wasn't going to work .
i knew you wouldn't listen to me .
i know i've told you this before .
i know a lot about this computer .
i know that he keeps his promise .
i know that your work isn't easy .
i know what those books are like .
i know where you hide your diary .
i know you think there's no hope .
i laughed so hard i almost cried .
i learned to cook from my mother .
i let my friend copy my homework .
i like coffee much more than tea .
i like taking walks in the woods .
i liked your idea and adopted it .
i live on the outskirts of tokyo .
i looked at myself in the mirror .
i lost ten kilos in three months .
i love the sound of rain falling .
i love you more than anyone else .
i made a complete fool of myself .
i made some mistakes on the test .
i make a point of being punctual .
i must admit that i was mistaken .
i need it as quickly as possible .
i need to finish reading my book .
i need you to check on something .
i never had to worry about money .
i never really wanted to do that .
i no longer want to visit boston .
i often go fishing in that river .
i only have fifty meters of rope .
i played with tom and mary today .
i pretended that i didn't see it .
i promise you i'll keep you safe .
i promised him to keep it secret .
i put my family before my career .
i read about it in the newspaper .
i read this book again and again .
i really can't talk about it now .
i really don't want to live here .
i really don't want to miss that .
i really need to talk to someone .
i really think we should do this .
i really want to figure this out .
i remember the first time we met .
i saw your brother the other day .
i screwed up the very first note .
i share this room with my sister .
i speak french every day at work .
i speak french with tom and mary .
i spent my vacation at the beach .
i stayed there until he had left .
i stepped aside so he could pass .
i still have some homework to do .
i studied all week for that quiz .
i suppose it doesn't hurt to try .
i suspect that you won't like it .
i think i left the water running .
i think i'll take a bath tonight .
i think i'm a pretty good singer .
i think i'm a pretty good writer .
i think tom does a fantastic job .
i think tom is smarter than that .
i think tom works in this office .
i think tom would tell the truth .
i think that he's a good teacher .
i think that she knows the truth .
i think that we should try again .
i think that's for tom to decide .
i think the train will come soon .
i think this coat should fit you .
i think we can finish this later .
i think we could be good friends .
i think we could help each other .
i think we should all go outside .
i think we'd better take a break .
i think you did an excellent job .
i think you know that's not true .
i think you might need some help .
i think you should go to college .
i think you're a really nice guy .
i thought i would find you there .
i thought we were going to crash .
i thought you could use a friend .
i thought you might want a drink .
i thought you might want to know .
i thought you were older than me .
i thought you'd gone and left me .
i thought you'd want to see this .
i treated her as my own daughter .
i understand , but i cannot agree .
i usually wake up at six o'clock .
i want a piece of chocolate cake .
i want to ask you some questions .
i want to get a sightseeing visa .
i want to know why this happened .
i want to learn how to snowboard .
i want to make a good impression .
i want to study abroad next year .
i want you to take this medicine .
i wanted to speak with you first .
i was asked to identify the body .
i was born and raised right here .
i was called on in english class .
i was injured while i was skiing .
i was just trying to be friendly .
i was just trying to impress him .
i was just trying to protect you .
i was too afraid to say anything .
i was unable to stand any longer .
i was very surprised at the news .
i was wondering if we could talk .
i went home to change my clothes .
i went to a shoe store yesterday .
i went to the park last saturday .
i went to two concerts last week .
i will ask him about it tomorrow .
i will do anything to please her .
i wish i could remember her name .
i wish i could remember his name .
i wish he would write more often .
i won't have to leave work early .
i wonder what to make for dinner .
i wonder why women don't go bald .
i would like to buy some aspirin .
i would like to order a sandwich .
i would like to see the festival .
i wouldn't be so sure about that .
i wouldn't mind a beer right now .
i wouldn't want anyone to see us .
i'd be delighted to sing for you .
i'd like some more bread , please .
i'd like some time alone , please .
i'd like to ask you one question .
i'd like to earn some more money .
i'd like to go to boston someday .
i'd like to have my hair trimmed .
i'd like to hear more about that .
i'd like to know what's going on .
i'd like to speak to the manager .
i'd like to speak with my lawyer .
i'd like you to be more punctual .
i'd like you to mail this letter .
i'd prefer not to take that risk .
i'd prefer to not take that risk .
i'll be with you in five minutes .
i'll do anything to get tom back .
i'll go even if it rains heavily .
i'll meet you at the bus station .
i'll meet you at the usual place .
i'll need to run some more tests .
i'll never be able to play again .
i'll stay here till you get back .
i'll tell him when he comes here .
i'll try to persuade tom to help .
i'm about to tell you the answer .
i'm afraid this key does not fit .
i'm fed up with this wet weather .
i'm getting off at the next stop .
i'm getting too old for this job .
i'm glad that he passed the exam .
i'm glad to hear of your success .
i'm glad you asked me for advice .
i'm going to chop this tree down .
i'm going to need some more time .
i'm going to send tom some money .
i'm just a little busy right now .
i'm more than just a pretty face .
i'm not able to fix the computer .
i'm not qualified to do this job .
i'm not sure what i was thinking .
i'm old enough to live by myself .
i'm sorry to bother you so often .
i'm sorry , i don't recognize you .
i'm sorry , it won't happen again .
i'm sorry , today is fully booked .
i'm sure i have the right number .
i'm sure that he'll come on time .
i'm sure that we'll all miss her .
i'm the tallest one in the class .
i'm too sleepy to do my homework .
i'm too tired to walk any longer .
i'm waiting for her to come here .
i've already told tom what to do .
i've been a teacher for 15 years .
i've been feeling bad for a week .
i've been thinking about it , too .
i've given this a lot of thought .
i've got no quarrel with you two .
i've got nothing to do with this .
i've got to get ready for school .
i've got to learn some new songs .
i've never heard of such a thing .
i've never hit anyone in my life .
i've never seen a whale that big .
if only i'd been a little taller !
in hindsight , this was a mistake .
invite him over to watch a movie .
is tom well enough to work today ?
is it cheaper to call after nine ?
is that your car in the driveway ?
is there a bank near the station ?
is there a gas station near here ?
is there anywhere you want to go ?
is this your first time in japan ?
it all depends how you handle it .
it appears that he is a musician .
it doesn't bother me if you stay .
it has been snowing for two days .
it is about time we were leaving .
it is becoming warmer day by day .
it is expensive to live in japan .
it is likely to be fine tomorrow .
it is two o'clock in the morning .
it just was not my day yesterday .
it looks like it's going to rain .
it may well be that you're right .
it seems obvious that he is sick .
it seems that he knows the truth .
it was obvious that he was lying .
it was the calm before the storm .
it was very dark inside the mine .
it would be interesting , i think .
it's a great night to go dancing .
it's a great pleasure to be here .
it's a great way to make friends .
it's a lot easier than i thought .
it's a question of life or death .
it's a real pleasure to meet you .
it's about time i was going home .
it's already time to go to sleep .
it's an idea whose time has come .
it's at the back of the building .
it's been warm the last few days .
it's easy to make and it's cheap .
it's evident that you told a lie .
it's like being in a candy store .
it's natural for you to think so .
it's not as easy as people think .
it's not clear when he came here .
it's not easy to thread a needle .
it's not quite as simple as that .
it's right in front of your eyes .
it's so good to finally meet you .
it's the rule , not the exception .
it's too dark to play tennis now .
it's your duty to finish the job .
just sit back and enjoy the show .
keep away from that pond , please .
last night , i heard dogs howling .
let me ask you a stupid question .
let me explain it with a diagram .
let me show you around our house .
let us know whether you can come .
let us never speak of this again .
let's forget the whole thing , ok ?
let's hear the rest of the story .
let's mosey on down to the river .
let's see how tom reacts to that .
let's see if i've got that right .
let's wait and see how things go .
liquor is not sold at this store .
living on a small income is hard .
look on both sides of the shield .
look out ! there's a truck coming !
look ! the airplane is taking off .
look ! there goes a shooting star .
mary is now studying in her room .
mary wants kids , but tom doesn't .
may i accompany you on your walk ?
may i ask what you're working on ?
may i have another piece of cake ?
may i have your name and address ?
maybe tom will help us find mary .
maybe you should turn off the tv .
maybe you'd like to come with us .
men don't drive as well as women .
money is the last thing he wants .
my brother and i shared the room .
my brother and i were very close .
my brother took me to the museum .
my cat is hiding under the stove .
my daughter is in her late teens .
my father bought this hat for me .
my father died before i was born .
my father is very strict with me .
my father takes a walk every day .
my friends don't know where i am .
my house is north of the library .
my joints ache when it gets cold .
my little sister is kind of lazy .
my mother is in the hospital now .
my sister always makes fun of me .
my sister is also my best friend .
my watch loses ten minutes a day .
my watch loses two minutes a day .
nanako is really cute , isn't she ?
never forget to put out the fire .
no one i know goes there anymore .
no one comes to visit me anymore .
no one knows his address but tom .
nobody but you can make me happy .
nobody told me tom would be here .
not all of the staff was present .
nothing is as simple as it seems .
nothing was to be seen but water .
obviously , tom didn't want to go .
one cannot make dogs out of cats .
one of the girls was left behind .
our cow doesn't give us any milk .
people like tom lie all the time .
please call me at my hotel later .
please help me take this lid off .
please move the desk to the left .
please tell me what you saw then .
put the book on the bottom shelf .
she acted as if she knew nothing .
she advised him about what to do .
she advised him to go by bicycle .
she advised him to go home early .
she advised him to use a bicycle .
she and i are brother and sister .
she became a true friend of mine .
she began to like him right away .
she came to like the new teacher .
she can play the piano very well .
she cast an eye in his direction .
she cried as she read the letter .
she did her best to persuade him .
she didn't give me back my money .
she didn't want to sell the book .
she doesn't like the way i speak .
she dumped him for a younger man .
she gave birth to a healthy baby .
she gave me a book for christmas .
she happened to have the day off .
she has a little money put aside .
she has an eye for the beautiful .
she has no more than 100 dollars .
she has to look after her mother .
she is fond of singing old songs .
she is getting better day by day .
she is saving money to go abroad .
she is two years younger than me .
she is very much like her mother .
she likes to cook for her family .
she lives in quite a big mansion .
she looked him right in the eyes .
she loved him with all her heart .
she picked him up at the station .
she promised not to go out alone .
she quit her job for some reason .
she refused my offer to help her .
she refuses to say more about it .
she ripped her dress on a branch .
she said that she had been happy .
she says she will call you later .
she thanked him for all his help .
she turned away and began to cry .
she used to enjoy being with him .
she used to play tennis with him .
she waited for him for two hours .
she waited for you for two hours .
she was about to leave the house .
she was accused of telling a lie .
she was already in love with him .
she was very proud of her father .
she went down to the fifth floor .
she went to paris to study music .
she went to the hospital by taxi .
she will have a child next month .
she's promised to give me a ring .
smiling sadly , she began to talk .
someday you should give it a try .
stand up when i'm talking to you !
stop me if you've heard this one .
summer is the season i like best .
swimming in the sea is great fun .
take as many cookies as you want .
take as many peaches as you like .
take your time . there's no hurry .
tell me where to put these books .
tell me why i shouldn't fire you .
telling lies is a very bad habit .
thanks for adding me as a friend .
that box is bigger than this one .
that day will go down in history .
that doesn't sound so good to me .
that hotel is very near the lake .
that is the house where he lives .
that man didn't give me his name .
that patient may die at any time .
that plane will take off at five .
that shouldn't be too hard to do .
that was only a figure of speech .
that would be a really good idea .
that's a nice rack of pork chops .
that's a secret i can't tell you .
that's a waste of time and money .
that's just what i'm going to do .
that's not how you spell my name .
that's the last thing i would do .
that's the one thing i'm sure of .
that's the tricky part , isn't it ?
that's what i wanted to find out .
that's what i was hoping to hear .
that's what i'm asking you to do .
that's when i went to the police .
that's why you're here , isn't it ?
the appendix is about 10 cm long .
the atomic number for iron is 26 .
the ball bounced high in the air .
the birds were flying in a group .
the cat is sleeping on the table .
the cat sleeps next to the couch .
the cops are keeping tabs on him .
the cost of living has gone down .
the day we arrived was a holiday .
the doctor is taking care of tom .
the dog follows me wherever i go .
the dogs howled at the full moon .
the door of the office is yellow .
the food was finger - licking good .
the girl was aware of the danger .
the hat costs less than the coat .
the heat kept me awake all night .
the house is built of red bricks .
the lady came from a good family .
the lake is deepest at this spot .
the leaves blew away in the wind .
the mail is delivered once a day .
the museum is not open on monday .
the museum is open to the public .
the new film was a great success .
the old lady stepped off the bus .
the old man was starved to death .
the prince was lost in the woods .
the ring was nowhere to be found .
the room is being painted by him .
the rule holds good in this case .
the rumor turned out to be false .
the rumor was not based on facts .
the sales of this model took off .
the sign indicates the way to go .
the sooner you leave , the better .
the stars are shining in the sky .
the storm caused a lot of damage .
the story begins a long time ago .
the sun always rises in the east .
the water was calm and very blue .
the whole family was sick in bed .
the word is not in my dictionary .
the world is full of dumb people .
there are 50 members in the club .
there are four seasons in a year .
there are many fish in this lake .
there are many parks in our town .
there are no chairs in this room .
there are some books on the desk .
there are some flies on the wall .
there is a television in my room .
there is an apple under the desk .
there is no chance of rain today .
there is no hope of his recovery .
there is no reason for this fear .
there was a good reason for this .
there's no need for you to study .
there's no need to speak so loud .
there's no one to look after her .
there's still so much left to do .
they are looking to you for help .
they could not find work at home .
they don't take care of that dog .
they elected her to be the mayor .
they have very little to live on .
they kept me waiting for an hour .
they looked as if they would cry .
they moved in just the other day .
they stood up for what was right .
thirty - four of them were lawyers .
this can't be what it looks like .
this computer is yours , isn't it ?
this day will go down in history .
this desk takes up too much room .
this does not concern you at all .
this hut is a very special place .
this ink stain will not wash out .
this is an exception to the rule .
this is how i solved the problem .
this is the letter for my friend .
this is the very book you wanted .
this isn't the time or the place .
this isn't where i parked my car .
this key doesn't fit in the lock .
this knife was very useful to me .
this milk will keep for two days .
this offer is good for five days .
this shop is a rental video shop .
this textbook is too hard for me .
this train is bound for new york .
this tree is older than that car .
those men are armed to the teeth .
to put it bluntly , he's mistaken .
tom and i have nothing in common .
tom and mary are looking for you .
tom and mary are older than john .
tom and mary are the same height .
tom and mary can't both be right .
tom asked mary where the dog was .
tom asked me what the matter was .
tom borrowed a car from a friend .
tom came out of his hiding place .
tom can't give you an answer now .
tom could have told me the truth .
tom didn't give me back my money .
tom didn't give me what i needed .
tom didn't know what else to say .
tom didn't know what to say next .
tom didn't listen to what i said .
tom didn't look as bored as mary .
tom didn't look as happy as mary .
tom didn't need to come so early .
tom died before his son was born .
tom died in prison ten years ago .
tom doesn't want you to get hurt .
tom eats the same food every day .
tom enjoys working here , i think .
tom forgot the keys on the table .
tom gets up at six every morning .
tom has been watching tv all day .
tom has begun writing a new book .
tom has changed a lot since then .
tom has made up his mind already .
tom has never asked me for money .
tom has sold his house in boston .
tom is refusing to pay his bills .
tom is the fattest person i know .
tom is the tallest in his family .
tom is three years older than me .
tom is too young to travel alone .
tom isn't ashamed of what he did .
tom knew he needed to leave town .
tom knew that mary was a teacher .
tom knew that mary was in boston .
tom knew that mary was in danger .
tom knew what mary wanted to eat .
tom knows the man mary came with .
tom left the lights on all night .
tom made good money on that deal .
tom never told me he was married .
tom offered mary a slice of cake .
tom opened his eyes and saw mary .
tom poured mary a glass of water .
tom prefers not to talk about it .
tom seems to be an honest person .
tom sees this in a different way .
tom shot at mary with a crossbow .
tom takes good care of the birds .
tom told me he wasn't happy here .
tom took the ring off his finger .
tom waited for more than an hour .
tom was afraid to cross the road .
tom was expecting you to say yes .
tom was lying in bed watching tv .
tom was surprised by what he saw .
tom was the only one who laughed .
tom went to the circus with mary .
tom went to the museum with mary .
tom will be delighted to see you .
tomorrow is my first day of work .
two tickets to san diego , please .
united we stand , divided we fall .
very few fat men have long noses .
we all breathed a sigh of relief .
we always have to obey the rules .
we arrived at the office on time .
we came back to camp before dark .
we can't have you working for us .
we can't just do nothing all day .
we don't live in a perfect world .
we got behind the car and pushed .
we had a good time playing chess .
we have the whole summer to play .
we haven't been there in a while .
we helped them out when we could .
we just want tom to keep working .
we like doing things our own way .
we listened to her for some time .
we must cancel our trip to japan .
we must not speak in the library .
we must take care of the elderly .
we need to burn all these leaves .
we need to clarify a few details .
we need to prepare for the worst .
we saw a funny movie last sunday .
we saw the tower in the distance .
we solved that problem in a week .
we talked about what we could do .
we talked over the plan with him .
we took turns in washing the car .
we used to talk about our future .
we watched the soccer game on tv .
we were all present at the party .
we were destined to meet one day .
we were not invited to the party .
we'd like you to sing some songs .
we'll be there in plenty of time .
we'll look into the case at once .
we'll think about it in due time .
we're going to have a test today .
we've still got a couple of days .
what are you going to do tonight ?
what did you do on your vacation ?
what did you do with those books ?
what did you eat for lunch today ?
what do you say to playing cards ?
what do you think i should write ?
what do you think of these shoes ?
what does this hat remind you of ?
what have you done with your car ?
what kind of camera does tom own ?
what kind of car are you driving ?
what kind of flowers do you like ?
what kind of music does tom like ?
what kind of sick weirdo are you ?
what kind of wine should i bring ?
what made you come here so early ?
what on earth are you doing here ?
what part of canada are you from ?
what season do you like the best ?
what should i do in the meantime ?
what should i do to stop hiccups ?
what time will you go home today ?
what train you are going to take ?
what was his motive for doing it ?
what were you doing at that time ?
what were you doing in that cave ?
what would you like to be called ?
what you decided to do is insane .
when are you getting out of here ?
when did you last see my brother ?
when do you usually get off work ?
when ice melts , it becomes water .
where can i get a telephone card ?
where did you get your hair done ?
where did you have the suit made ?
where do i have to change trains ?
where do we know each other from ?
where do you get your ideas from ?
where do you want to go tomorrow ?
where were you when i needed you ?
where would you like to go first ?
who do you think the murderer is ?
who do you think will come first ?
who is the man playing the piano ?
who is the woman dressed in pink ?
who left this mess in the toilet ?
who wants to go shopping with me ?
who would you like to speak with ?
who's the woman with the red hat ?
why are you building a wall here ?
why are you so interested in him ?
why can't i play with my friends ?
why did you name your dog cookie ?
why didn't you apply for the job ?
why didn't you come to the party ?
why do you keep giving him money ?
why don't you take a closer look ?
why don't you take off your coat ?
why don't you take your coat off ?
why is life so full of suffering ?
why would anyone do such a thing ?
why would anyone want to kill me ?
why wouldn't you go out with him ?
will he be able to come tomorrow ?
will she go to america next year ?
will you have another cup of tea ?
will you show me what you bought ?
will you try to play the trumpet ?
winter has gone . spring has come .
without your help , he would fail .
women don't drive as well as men .
women today drink as much as men .
would you be happier if i stayed ?
would you care for a little wine ?
would you like to visit the city ?
would you please tell me the way ?
you are watching tv all the time .
you can call me anytime you like .
you can say whatever you want to .
you can't believe a word he says .
you can't give up on your dreams .
you didn't have to come so early .
you don't even know who they are .
you don't even know why i'm here .
you don't know how lucky you are .
you don't like chocolate , do you ?
you don't look pleased to see me .
you had better go to the dentist .
you had better put on a raincoat .
you have good reason to be angry .
you have the same camera as mine .
you have to choose your own path .
you hit the center of the target .
you just don't know how it feels .
you look a lot like your brother .
you may choose any book you like .
you must always do what is right .
you must be very busy these days .
you must get up a little earlier .
you really have an ear for music .
you remember it better than i do .
you should make up your own mind .
you should take the number 5 bus .
you will know the truth some day .
you won't regret this . i promise .
you're going to have to call tom .
you're in better shape than i am .
you're lucky that you have a job .
you're not staying here , are you ?
you've always been so good to me .
your idea sounds like a good one .
your secret will be safe with me .
a dna test showed he was innocent .
a ball is floating down the river .
a crazy thing just happened to me .
a fire broke out during the night .
a laptop is better than a desktop .
a mustache grows on the upper lip .
a sleeping child is like an angel .
a smell of lilies filled the room .
air is a mixture of several gases .
air is a mixture of various gases .
all of my children live in boston .
all sorts of people live in tokyo .
all the boys in class worked hard .
all the other boys laughed at him .
are eggs a good source of protein ?
are there many animals in the zoo ?
are they able to read these words ?
are we talking about the same tom ?
are you tom jackson by any chance ?
are you going to buy a dictionary ?
are you going to the tennis court ?
are you married or are you single ?
are you pleased with your new job ?
at first , he sounded very sincere .
at first , they didn't believe him .
at last , he realized his mistakes .
at least we're still in one piece .
be careful . the floor is slippery .
can i ask you a personal question ?
can i make a reservation for golf ?
can i reserve a flight to chicago ?
can you give me your phone number ?
can you help me wash these dishes ?
can you meet me in the auditorium ?
can you narrow that down a little ?
can you please look the other way ?
can you see where i'm coming from ?
can you tell me what is happening ?
can you tell what's wrong with it ?
can you write a letter in english ?
can't you do something to help me ?
central park is near where i work .
christmas is only a few days away .
clocks used to be wound every day .
come and see me whenever you like .
could you call me tonight , please ?
could you get me some cough drops ?
could you help me wash the dishes ?
could you send it to this address ?
could you spell your name , please ?
could you tell me what's going on ?
could you tell me your name again ?
could you type this letter for me ?
dad extended his legs on the sofa .
death is an integral part of life .
did i hear you talking to someone ?
did you drive her home last night ?
did you feed the dog this morning ?
did you have fun over the weekend ?
did you know this was coming down ?
did you think i wouldn't tell tom ?
did you visit the tower of london ?
did you vote in the last election ?
do you cook by gas or electricity ?
do you ever think about that girl ?
do you have any plans for tonight ?
do you have any trouble with that ?
do you have anything hot to drink ?
do you know how dangerous that is ?
do you know that boy who's crying ?
do you know what's going on there ?
do you know when they will arrive ?
do you know where the bathroom is ?
do you like looking in the mirror ?
do you like the new school better ?
do you think that dress suits her ?
do you want to cancel the meeting ?
do you want to read this magazine ?
do you want to watch this program ?
does tom want me to say something ?
don't ask me such a hard question .
don't be fooled by his good looks .
don't come to me with any excuses .
don't forget to remind me of that .
don't forget what i just told you .
don't let this get out of control .
don't make the same mistake i did .
don't smoke while you are on duty .
don't tell me what i already know .
don't worry . i've got you covered .
don't you have a sense of justice ?
eat your soup before it gets cold .
empty the water out of the bucket .
every door in the house is locked .
everyone seemed sad to see tom go .
for months , he did almost nothing .
for what purpose did he come here ?
fortunately , i have a green thumb .
france is to the south of england .
give him the benefit of the doubt .
gold is similar in color to brass .
guess what i'm holding in my hand .
have you ever driven a sports car ?
have you ever had a narrow escape ?
have you ever seen a car accident ?
have you ever traveled in a plane ?
he affirmed that he saw the crash .
he agreed to give us an interview .
he always comes here at this time .
he asked her where her mother was .
he backed his car into the garage .
he blames his failure on bad luck .
he bored us with his long stories .
he cut some branches off the tree .
he decided not to wait any longer .
he demanded that we leave at once .
he did not speak unless spoken to .
he didn't really go to the church .
he discovered how to open the box .
he drank very little of the water .
he earns three times more than me .
he forgot his promise to go there .
he gave me a smile of recognition .
he gave me authority to fire them .
he gave the same answer as before .
he got hurt in the game yesterday .
he got more than he bargained for .
he had friends all over the world .
he has done better than last time .
he has had a long teaching career .
he has never been late for school .
he has this large room to himself .
he imitated the works of van gogh .
he is able to speak ten languages .
he is apt to forget people's name .
he is busy preparing for the trip .
he is by nature a generous person .
he is known to the entire country .
he is married to an american lady .
he is nothing more than a dreamer .
he is old enough to understand it .
he is quick to voice his concerns .
he is studying in the library now .
he is the stingiest person i know .
he is very good at playing violin .
he is well spoken of by everybody .
he isn't any older than i thought .
he knows a lot about wild animals .
he likes taking a walk by himself .
he lives in the suburbs of london .
he lost his balance and fell down .
he lost his sight in the accident .
he made his way through the crowd .
he made sure nobody could see her .
he made sure nobody could see him .
he makes no half - hearted attempts .
he may be jogging around the park .
he measured the length of the bed .
he missed the train by one minute .
he mistook me for my twin brother .
he must have gotten over his cold .
he often reads far into the night .
he paid no attention to my advice .
he plays the piano better than me .
he pretended not to hear his boss .
he pretended that he was a lawyer .
he read a book written in english .
he rested his hand on my shoulder .
he runs a supermarket in the town .
he said good night to his parents .
he said that he wanted some money .
he seems to have left the country .
he seems to have missed the point .
he set out for tokyo this morning .
he stood with his feet wide apart .
he swore never to trust her again .
he talks as if he knew everything .
he thought maybe this was a trick .
he threw the letter into the fire .
he timed her in the marathon race .
he took a book from the bookshelf .
he turned to his friends for help .
he wants to live closer to nature .
he wants to study music and dance .
he was caught with his pants down .
he was exhausted when he got home .
he was in good health last summer .
he was satisfied with his new car .
he was scared you would shoot him .
he was sitting and reading a book .
he was willing to work for others .
he will advise you on that matter .
he will do anything to make money .
he's a bit rough around the edges .
he's a little taller than you are .
he's afraid that he might be late .
he's busy and can't meet with you .
he's going to have a heart attack .
he's two years older than mary is .
his ideas never earned him a dime .
his leg was bitten by a crocodile .
his office is on the eighth floor .
his remark was really out of line .
his wealth has not made him happy .
hold down the fort while i'm gone .
how about dining out for a change ?
how come you know english so well ?
how could you not see this coming ?
how did you come by this painting ?
how did you get interested in art ?
how did you learn about that news ?
how do i know you're not bluffing ?
how do you feel about gun control ?
how do you spell your family name ?
how long are you staying in japan ?
how long can you hold your breath ?
how long did they live in england ?
how long did you sleep last night ?
how long have you been in kushiro ?
how long were you at school today ?
how long will the train stop here ?
how many people live in your town ?
how many times have you done this ?
how much did the tickets cost you ?
how often do you brush your teeth ?
how often do you wash your sheets ?
how thoughtless of you to do that .
how will you manage without a job ?
i almost forgot to do my homework .
i am ashamed of my son's laziness .
i am determined to be a scientist .
i am glad that you have succeeded .
i avoid going there late at night .
i believe it is a genuine picasso .
i believe you'll get over it soon .
i bet you've never climbed a tree .
i bought the book for ten dollars .
i broke the lock opening the door .
i brought some samples of my work .
i can solve the problem by myself .
i can't afford the time to travel .
i can't bear the noise any longer .
i can't believe i listened to you .
i can't believe i never knew that .
i can't believe i showed you that .
i can't believe no one heard that .
i can't believe that this is real .
i can't believe you fell for that .
i can't believe you just did that .
i can't blame tom for not waiting .
i can't even remember my own name .
i can't imagine a day without you .
i can't make that kind of promise .
i can't put up with his arrogance .
i can't put up with these insults .
i can't wait for tomorrow to come .
i cannot put up with her behavior .
i convinced him that he was wrong .
i could have sworn i saw somebody .
i could recite the story by heart .
i could scarcely stand on my feet .
i could see that tom was grinning .
i could've met you at the airport .
i could've objected , but i didn't .
i didn't go to school last monday .
i didn't know exactly what to say .
i didn't know that dogs swim well .
i didn't know tofu was this tasty .
i didn't know you had a boyfriend .
i didn't realize you were so rich .
i didn't see him again after that .
i didn't think this was your seat .
i didn't want you to get involved .
i dipped my finger into the honey .
i disagree with you on the matter .
i don't blame you for hitting him .
i don't even know what that means .
i don't even know why we're going .
i don't go to school on saturdays .
i don't have that many years left .
i don't have to tell you anything .
i don't intend to be staying long .
i don't know anybody by that name .
i don't know what i was expecting .
i don't know what that word means .
i don't know what this word means .
i don't know what you really want .
i don't know what your problem is .
i don't know when he'll come back .
i don't know when she got married .
i don't know where that came from .
i don't know which button to push .
i don't know who these people are .
i don't know why it's not working .
i don't like any of these records .
i don't like either tea or coffee .
i don't like people looking at me .
i don't like your going out alone .
i don't need to tell you anything .
i don't really know what you mean .
i don't think your plan will work .
i don't want to be your boyfriend .
i don't want to do anything risky .
i don't want to hear your excuses .
i don't want to lose my boyfriend .
i don't want to meet your parents .
i don't want to raise false hopes .
i don't want to see anybody today .
i don't want to tell my boyfriend .
i don't want to wake my neighbors .
i exchanged a camera for a guitar .
i expect to sing better next time .
i fail to understand his true aim .
i feel inclined to agree with her .
i figured tom would never find it .
i figured you could use some help .
i finished my work at six o'clock .
i forgot my shopping list at home .
i found the earring that you lost .
i found this watch at the station .
i got a telescope for my birthday .
i got five hours sleep last night .
i guess it depends on the weather .
i guess this still belongs to you .
i had a dreadful dream last night .
i had a horrible dream last night .
i had a little fever this morning .
i had a pleasant dream last night .
i had a really great time tonight .
i had a terrible dream last night .
i had expected him at the meeting .
i hardly got any sleep last night .
i have a little something for you .
i have an urgent message from tom .
i have just come back from school .
i have just washed all the dishes .
i have never seen anyone like him .
i have never seen anyone like you .
i have nothing in common with her .
i have some idea of what happened .
i have the minutes of the meeting .
i have three chickens in my house .
i have to admit that you're right .
i have two daughters and two sons .
i have two sons and two daughters .
i haven't heard from him for ages .
i haven't read all of these books .
i haven't read any of his letters .
i haven't read both of his novels .
i haven't tried doing it that way .
i heard tom is filing for divorce .
i heard him humming in the shower .
i heard it from a reliable source .
i heard someone knock on the door .
i helped you when you needed help .
i hope we didn't keep you waiting .
i hope your wishes will come true .
i insist on being paid in advance .
i intend on fighting till the end .
i intended to have been a teacher .
i introduced her to you last week .
i just couldn't keep my eyes open .
i just have a couple of questions .
i just need to know what happened .
i just want to check on something .
i just want to tell tom something .
i just want tonight to be special .
i killed two birds with one stone .
i know my keys are here somewhere .
i know several good places to eat .
i know you've been trying to help .
i left tom a message this morning .
i left my jacket in the classroom .
i like red wine better than white .
i like the way this flower smells .
i listened to some cds last night .
i live in a small fishing village .
i lived in sasayama two years ago .
i love listening to you guys sing .
i managed to catch the last train .
i met some hikers on the mountain .
i might not be at tonight's party .
i missed the bus by three minutes .
i must remind you of your promise .
i never thought i'd see tom again .
i never thought i'd see her there .
i never thought about it that way .
i never want to get married again .
i never wanted all this to happen .
i object to her going there alone .
i objected to his paying the bill .
i often catch colds in the winter .
i only found out about that today .
i persuaded him that he was wrong .
i planned to introduce him to her .
i prefer being poor to being rich .
i presented him with a gold watch .
i presented my ticket at the door .
i promise you i'll look after you .
i promised i'd tell you the truth .
i put your suitcases in your room .
i ran away from the training camp .
i read about him in the newspaper .
i read the letter again and again .
i really don't have time for this .
i really have nothing else to say .
i really should be getting to bed .
i really wish i could believe you .
i refuse to be ignored any longer .
i regret having done such a thing .
i remember that i closed the door .
i remember the warmth of his arms .
i sat down and opened my notebook .
i saw tom and mary leave together .
i saw tom kill the neighbor's cat .
i saw a horse galloping toward me .
i saw a stranger enter that house .
i saw my reflection in the window .
i say this from my own experience .
i sharpened a pencil with a knife .
i should have done this weeks ago .
i should have done this years ago .
i shouldn't have to do that again .
i spent twelve hours on the train .
i spilled my coffee on the carpet .
i stayed at tom's house in boston .
i stayed home because of the rain .
i still need to renew my passport .
i strongly advise you to use this .
i suppose i felt a little jealous .
i suppose we have nothing to lose .
i think tom knows what he's doing .
i think tom wants to kill himself .
i think tom will be well prepared .
i think my german isn't very good .
i think my japanese is really bad .
i think perhaps tom can help mary .
i think we can work something out .
i think we could be great friends .
i think we should all go together .
i think we should be getting back .
i think we should call the police .
i think we should just be friends .
i think we should stop doing that .
i think you made the right choice .
i think you must be getting tired .
i think you owe me an explanation .
i think you should do it yourself .
i think you're on the right track .
i think you're sitting in my seat .
i thought i'd never see you again .
i thought tom would want the work .
i thought it would make you laugh .
i thought the food was too greasy .
i thought you had all the answers .
i took on the job of proofreading .
i took part in the sporting event .
i took the liberty of calling her .
i totally agree with what you say .
i tried writing with my left hand .
i usually get up at eight o'clock .
i usually got to bed about eleven .
i want to be treated with respect .
i want to eat meat and vegetables .
i want to set the record straight .
i want to travel around the world .
i want your name and badge number .
i wanted to see what would happen .
i was able to answer the question .
i was already married at your age .
i was obliged to go out yesterday .
i was stupid enough to believe it .
i was surprised by what i learned .
i was taken aback by his rudeness .
i was ten minutes late for school .
i was the first to begin speaking .
i was trapped in a vicious circle .
i was walking to the station then .
i went to sleep during the lesson .
i will finish my homework by nine .
i will follow you wherever you go .
i will give him the book tomorrow .
i will give you anything you want .
i will give you whatever you want .
i will have him repair this watch .
i will have it uploaded by friday .
i will leave it to your judgement .
i wish i had eaten something else .
i wish it would happen more often .
i wish my father had lived longer .
i won't bore you with the details .
i wonder if it will rain tomorrow .
i wonder if the weather will hold .
i wonder what has happened to her .
i wonder who this package is from .
i wonder why the dogs are barking .
i would like to visit south korea .
i would rather die than marry him .
i would rather not go there alone .
i wouldn't sell that at any price .
i'd hate to see that happen again .
i'd like to buy a good dictionary .
i'd like to buy a washing machine .
i'd like to go somewhere else now .
i'd like to go to france sometime .
i'd like to reserve a single room .
i'd like to sail around the world .
i'd like to speak to your manager .
i'd like you to look at something .
i'd rather die than give you this .
i'd rather not talk about it here .
i'd rather ride my bike than walk .
i'll bring my sister to the party .
i'll come again when you are free .
i'll find someone else to help me .
i'll go out there and look around .
i'll introduce you to a nice girl .
i'll need to make some more tests .
i'll tell you exactly what to say .
i'll wait here till he comes back .
i'm afraid i don't agree with you .
i'm afraid i took the wrong train .
i'm afraid she may have the mumps .
i'm afraid we don't have any left .
i'm ashamed to say that it's true .
i'm careful not to spend too much .
i'm going to izu over the weekend .
i'm going to need some more money .
i'm in love with a wonderful girl .
i'm not free to go this afternoon .
i'm not giving you any more money .
i'm not saying this is your fault .
i'm not sure what he was thinking .
i'm pretty sure i didn't say that .
i'm pretty sure tom could do that .
i'm sorry i dragged you into this .
i'm sorry i'm calling you at work .
i'm sorry , i didn't recognize you .
i'm sorry , but i don't understand .
i'm sorry , we don't accept checks .
i'm sure you're going to enjoy it .
i'm the happiest man in the world .
i'm too tired to walk any further .
i'm very glad to finally meet you .
i'm very much aware of the danger .
i'm what the world calls an idiot .
i'm willing to go anywhere you go .
i've always wanted to be a father .
i've always wanted to be a mother .
i've been meaning to get in touch .
i've been thinking about you , too .
i've just eaten so i'm not hungry .
i've known her since i was little .
i've never felt better in my life .
if only i'd hadn't stayed so long !
is it really necessary to do that ?
is that supposed to be a question ?
is the orient too foreign for you ?
is there a youth hostel near here ?
is there another way to get there ?
is there anything you want to add ?
is there anything you want to say ?
is there somebody you want to see ?
is this what you were looking for ?
is your school far from your home ?
isn't there going to be a wedding ?
it doesn't matter how old you are .
it doesn't matter how small it is .
it doesn't seem possible , does it ?
it feels very similar to this one .
it has no bearing on this problem .
it is easy to answer the question .
it is premature to discuss it now .
it is probable that she will come .
it looks like your dog is thirsty .
it makes no difference who i meet .
it was crowded here all last week .
it was obvious that they had lied .
it was supposed to be kept secret .
it was very nice seeing you again .
it wasn't exactly a piece of cake .
it wasn't supposed to be this way .
it's a bit too complicated for me .
it's a magnificent view , isn't it ?
it's about time you got a haircut .
it's always a pleasure to see you .
it's easy for her to make friends .
it's easy for him to make friends .
it's easy to fall into bad habits .
it's going to be harder this time .
it's hard to get people to change .
it's morning here in my time zone .
it's time to get down to business .
it's warm here all the year round .
it's your turn to wash the dishes .
keep the child away from the pond .
language can be used in many ways .
let me get you something to drink .
let me help you with your baggage .
let me tell you about our special .
let me tell you everything i know .
let's hope we did the right thing .
let's take a walk along the river .
life is boring in a small village .
listening to music is lots of fun .
mary is going to help us tomorrow .
may i ask you a personal question ?
may i ask you some more questions ?
may i have something hot to drink ?
may i have your attention , please ?
may we accompany you on your walk ?
meat won't keep long in this heat .
men are better at this than women .
men talk about women all the time .
might i ask your name and address ?
mom ! stop ! you're embarrassing me .
monkeys can learn a lot of tricks .
most were unable to read or write .
my belief is that he will succeed .
my boss is keeping me pretty busy .
my camera is much better than his .
my cat is suffering from the heat .
my doctor told me to quit smoking .
my family isn't such a big family .
my father does not eat much fruit .
my hens laid fewer eggs last year .
my job is giving me a stomachache .
my mother allowed me to go abroad .
my mother knows how to make cakes .
my mother looks young for her age .
my name was omitted from the list .
my older sister is good at typing .
my son is ashamed of his behavior .
my uncle lives next to the school .
my watch gains five seconds a day .
my watch loses five minutes a day .
my wife isn't beautiful . yours is .
no one informed me of his failure .
no one wanted to insult these men .
nobody knows why he left the town .
not all of those books are useful .
nowadays jobs are hard to come by .
once you begin , you must continue .
one of the boys suddenly ran away .
onions can be eaten raw or cooked .
our cat's fur has lost its luster .
our class has forty - five students .
people of all ages like this song .
please don't cut me off like that .
please don't think of it that way .
please drop me off at the station .
please keep my place in this line .
please sit on this chair and wait .
please take me to the grand hotel .
please wake me up at six tomorrow .
renting a car was the best option .
she advised him to go there alone .
she advised him to take the money .
she always expects me to help her .
she backed out at the last moment .
she bought this pen at that store .
she cannot have done such a thing .
she declined to say more about it .
she didn't let him touch her baby .
she didn't try to evade the truth .
she didn't want him to play poker .
she doesn't want to talk about it .
she drinks a little wine at times .
she gave me access to her records .
she gets hives when she eats eggs .
she got him to eat his vegetables .
she has been sick since last week .
she hates fish and never eats any .
she hung the calendar on the wall .
she insisted that it was my fault .
she is around twenty years of age .
she is as beautiful as snow white .
she is as beautiful as her mother .
she is ashamed of her old clothes .
she is ashamed of what she's done .
she is five years younger than me .
she is on friendly terms with him .
she is related to him by marriage .
she is unable to cope with stress .
she is very proud of her daughter .
she isn't paid monthly , but daily .
she left the hospital an hour ago .
she likes being looked at by boys .
she made an excuse for being late .
she made her husband an apple pie .
she must still be in her twenties .
she played the guitar and he sang .
she pleaded with him to not leave .
she pressured him to quit his job .
she put up the new curtains today .
she should have bought a used car .
she showed me which dress to wear .
she spoke to him about the matter .
she thinks about him all the time .
she thought that i was the doctor .
she told him that she was leaving .
she wanted him to help her father .
she was afraid of waking the baby .
she was fined 10 dollars for that .
she was laughed at by her friends .
she went to the movies by herself .
she works as hard as anybody does .
she would often play tricks on me .
she's wearing a great - looking hat .
shoes are stiff when they are new .
some of them did very little work .
some people have a terror of mice .
some people think it's a bad idea .
sometimes i go , sometimes i don't .
sorry , i didn't mean to interrupt .
space travel is no longer a dream .
spare the rod and spoil the child .
speech is silver , silence is gold .
steam is coming out of the engine .
stop hiding your head in the sand .
suddenly , all the lights went out .
take a deep breath and then relax .
take your hand out of your pocket .
take your time when you eat meals .
tell him to mind his own business .
tell me how the robbery went down .
ten is ten percent of one hundred .
thank you very much for your help .
that bicycle is too small for you .
that doesn't make any sense to me .
that girl over there is my sister .
that hotel was very near the lake .
that is the office where he works .
that pair of pliers came in handy .
that reporter has a nose for news .
that shouldn't be too hard to get .
that would be ironic , wouldn't it ?
that's a pretty dress you have on .
that's just what i need right now .
that's just what i wanted to hear .
that's not something i want to do .
that's not what i'm trying to say .
that's not where i was last night .
that's the worst thing you can do !
that's what i want most right now .
that's what we have to figure out .
the 1990s began with the gulf war .
the answer to your question is no .
the arrow indicates the way to go .
the baby can stand but can't walk .
the baby seemed to be fast asleep .
the bags were piled up behind him .
the bus stop is across the street .
the cat is hiding under the couch .
the chickens were killed by a fox .
the child picked up a small stone .
the city wants to extend the road .
the crowd cried out for an encore .
the days are longer in the summer .
the desk seems small in this room .
the driver of the bus was injured .
the family had its dinner at noon .
the gunman was found to be insane .
the heater is warming up the room .
the ice gave way under his weight .
the issue is quite familiar to us .
the lake is deepest at this point .
the little girl hid in the closet .
the mailman left a letter for her .
the man was given a life sentence .
the meeting is held twice a month .
the more laws , the more offenders .
the new boy had a nervous stammer .
the noise kept me awake all night .
the old woman was nearly run over .
the origin of the fire is unknown .
the parking lot is free of charge .
the prince became a king that day .
the problem is as good as settled .
the puppy licked her on the cheek .
the report turned out to be false .
the road is in a deplorable state .
the roof was damaged by the storm .
the ship ran aground on a sandbar .
the source of the fire is unknown .
the sun is brighter than the moon .
the theory is too abstract for me .
the thief got away with the money .
the thief was bound hand and foot .
the tree fell over in the typhoon .
the very idea of it is disgusting .
the weather is cold all year here .
the wind is blowing from the east .
the wind is blowing from the west .
there are many people in the park .
there are some apples in that box .
there are ten people in this room .
there are too many ads on youtube .
there didn't seem to be a problem .
there is a cookie under the table .
there is a fence around the house .
there is a television in the room .
there is an urgent need for money .
there is an urgent need for water .
there is no limit to the universe .
there is no use in making excuses .
there is often fog in the morning .
there isn't any milk in the glass .
there was no one there besides me .
there were some boats on the lake .
there's nothing i can do about it .
there's one thing i must tell you .
there's very little we can do now .
they accused him of telling a lie .
they are not enemies , but friends .
they did away with the old system .
they didn't want me to examine it .
they drive on the left in england .
they forced him to tell the truth .
they laugh at him behind his back .
they make good use of their rooms .
they must have known it all along .
they relaxed in front of the fire .
they say that he is seriously ill .
they say that he knows the secret .
they spent the night on the beach .
they want to know what's going on .
they want to tell you their story .
this tv show is aimed at children .
this applies to your case as well .
this beef is very nice and tender .
this desk is better than that one .
this doesn't make any sense to me .
this dress would look good on you .
this is a beautiful piece of meat .
this is a hard question to answer .
this is the calm before the storm .
this pair of shoes doesn't fit me .
this park is famous for its roses .
this shot will help numb the pain .
this was built some 500 years ago .
to make money one must want money .
tom always treats me like a child .
tom and mary are looking for john .
tom and mary got into an argument .
tom and mary know each other well .
tom and mary want to learn french .
tom asked mary to call the police .
tom asked mary to read the letter .
tom asked mary to sweep the floor .
tom asked mary why she was crying .
tom asked me whether i was hungry .
tom asked the stranger who he was .
tom backed out at the last moment .
tom began to feel a little guilty .
tom bought a nice house in boston .
tom caught a whole string of fish .
tom caused quite a lot of trouble .
tom did his best to persuade mary .
tom didn't keep his promise to me .
tom didn't know mary was so funny .
tom didn't seem to be very hungry .
tom didn't take a bath last night .
tom didn't want to talk to anyone .
tom doesn't speak french , does he ?
tom doesn't want any part of this .
tom doesn't want to eat lunch now .
tom doesn't want to talk about it .
tom gave mary a box of chocolates .
tom goes there three times a week .
tom had one of his legs amputated .
tom handed mary a bottle of water .
tom has decided to major in music .
tom has lots of friends in boston .
tom has never been to mary's home .
tom is fairly ambitious , isn't he ?
tom is now taller than his father .
tom is the best drummer in boston .
tom is the person i saw yesterday .
tom is the person who helped mary .
tom is three years older than you .
tom is unable to cope with stress .
tom is usually at home on sundays .
tom isn't very spontaneous , is he ?
tom just got back to boston today .
tom kept mary waiting for an hour .
tom knew mary wouldn't want to go .
tom lived in boston before , right ?
tom looks older than he really is .
tom loved mary and mary loved him .
tom loves his children , of course .
tom put the envelope on the table .
tom said he'd play tennis with us .
tom saw mary walking up the steps .
tom says he'll only speak to mary .
tom seems really happy to be here .
tom struggled to climb to the top .
tom told me you needed some money .
tom tried to cover up his mistake .
tom usually goes to school by bus .
tom wanted to be a better teacher .
tom wanted to say goodbye to mary .
tom was one of the invited guests .
tom was sitting alone in his room .
tom was sitting at a nearby table .
tom was stabbed twice in the back .
tom went to sleep three hours ago .
tom will drive you to the airport .
tom wiped his feet on the doormat .
tom won't let anyone in the house .
tom works at a hospital near here .
tom's shoes are too small for him .
try not to be late again tomorrow .
was there anybody else in the bar ?
watch out ! this monkey is vicious .
watch your mouth or you'll get it .
we all live in the same dormitory .
we always take it easy on sundays .
we are in part responsible for it .
we are supposed to know the rules .
we didn't need to call the doctor .
we didn't want anybody to find us .
we don't want anybody to find out .
we don't want to take any chances .
we had a heavy frost this morning .
we hang out together all the time .
we have two daughters and one son .
we haven't come to a decision yet .
we haven't heard the last of this .
we left home early in the morning .
we left the final decision to him .
we must try to break the deadlock .
we need to finish what we started .
we need to focus on our strengths .
we need to take this into account .
we noticed the man enter her room .
we saw her when leaving the house .
we shared the profit among us all .
we should have told him the truth .
we still have plenty of time left .
we want to reach a wider audience .
we were deeply moved by her story .
we were late because of the storm .
we will have to postpone the game .
we will take part in the marathon .
we'd like a double room with bath .
we're up a creek without a paddle .
we've got to fight fire with fire !
what are you doing buying a house ?
what are your plans for the night ?
what can you see from your window ?
what did happen to all that money ?
what did you have for lunch today ?
what do you plan on doing tonight ?
what do you think i've been doing ?
what do you think about this plan ?
what do you usually eat for lunch ?
what has become of him since then ?
what have you done with the books ?
what hotel will you be staying at ?
what kind of game are you playing ?
what seems to be the problem here ?
what should i eat for lunch today ?
what time and where could we meet ?
what time did your friend go home ?
what time do you leave for school ?
what were you doing when she came ?
what will you do with this camera ?
when are you going to finish this ?
when are you going to get married ?
when did you get back from boston ?
when was the last time you hunted ?
when will your new novel come out ?
where are the bags from flight 57 ?
where did you find this awful dog ?
where did you go for spring break ?
where did you have your suit made ?
where do you know each other from ?
where have you been all this time ?
where is the captain of this ship ?
which is larger , japan or england ?
which season do you like the best ?
while in europe , she visited rome .
who can run fastest in your class ?
who is it that you're working for ?
who is that boy running toward us ?
who is the man playing the violin ?
why are we wasting time like this ?
why are we wasting time with this ?
why are you so obsessed with cars ?
why did you paint this wall black ?
why didn't you call me last night ?
why didn't you tell me about this ?
why do i tell you people anything ?
why do so many people visit kyoto ?
why do you like squirrels so much ?
why do you want to commit suicide ?
why does tom always look so tired ?
why don't you put some clothes on ?
why is he asking me that question ?
why would anybody want to do that ?
why would anybody want to hurt me ?
will you help me with my homework ?
will you show me your photo album ?
without water , you could not live .
women are better at this than men .
would you care for some more cake ?
would you like another cup of tea ?
would you like to leave a message ?
would you mind if i borrowed this ?
would you open the window , please ?
you almost gave me a heart attack .
you are expecting too much of her .
you are too young to travel alone .
you don't have to be so sarcastic .
you don't have to work on sundays .
you expect too much of your child .
you have a strange sense of humor .
you have no obligation to help us .
you have only to push this button .
you have only to touch the button .
you know very well what tom wants .
you might as well just enjoy life .
you might want to grab some sleep .
you might want to try it sometime .
you must steer clear of that gang .
you really lucked out on this one .
you said the same thing about tom .
you said you'd do anything for me .
you seem to have the wrong number .
you should face up to the reality .
you should get rid of these weeds .
you will be able to speak english .
you'd better not stay up too late .
you'll catch the bus if you hurry .
you'll feel better in a few hours .
you're not supposed to be in here .
you're the only one i think about .
you've just opened a can of worms .
you've put on weight , haven't you ?
you've run out of things to drink .
your friendship means a lot to me .
a bill came along with the package .
a car was coming in this direction .
a cat appeared from under the desk .
a curtain of mist blocked our view .
a fire broke out during that night .
a great future is reserved for him .
a group of young men were fighting .
a heavy tax was imposed on whiskey .
a lot of soldiers were killed here .
a man is responsible for his deeds .
a mouse is running around the room .
a passing car splashed water on us .
a really bad thing happened to him .
a screen divided the room into two .
a storm confined them to the house .
a true friend would not betray you .
aim the video camera at that group .
all at once there was an explosion .
all my friends and family are dead .
all of them agreed to the proposal .
all the money was spent on clothes .
all the old magazines are sold out .
an accident may happen at any time .
an actor has to memorize his lines .
an elephant is a very large animal .
an image is worth a thousand words .
ants have a well - organized society .
anyone who protested , lost his job .
are there any books under the desk ?
are there two windows in your room ?
are we allowed to use the elevator ?
are we still on for tomorrow night ?
are you going to open the envelope ?
are you sure you don't want coffee ?
ask him when the next plane leaves .
bad weather kept us from going out .
being with you makes me feel happy .
both of my sisters are not married .
bring it back when you are through .
can i come to your office tomorrow ?
can i make a couple of suggestions ?
can i tell them you'll be visiting ?
can you explain why tom isn't here ?
can you get away from your parents ?
can you move this desk by yourself ?
can you show me your boarding pass ?
can you walk with your eyes closed ?
can't we have a snack or something ?
can't you do anything to stop them ?
children don't like to take a bath .
choose the color you like the best .
compared to tokyo , london is small .
could i have a slice of cheesecake ?
could i have another glass of beer ?
could you call again later , please ?
could you come and see me tomorrow ?
could you come back a little later ?
could you please take me back home ?
could you take some pictures of us ?
could you turn on the light please ?
cricket is a game that takes skill .
did you bring an umbrella with you ?
did you double - check these figures ?
did you forget to do your homework ?
did you have a good time yesterday ?
did you listen to music last night ?
did you make this doll by yourself ?
do any of your friends play guitar ?
do penguins live at the north pole ?
do the new neighbors have any kids ?
do you have any plans for tomorrow ?
do you have any problems with that ?
do you have anything non - alcoholic ?
do you have anything to do tonight ?
do you have plans for this weekend ?
do you know something i don't know ?
do you know the capital of belgium ?
do you know what unesco stands for ?
do you know where your father went ?
do you mind my making a suggestion ?
do you really think we'll find tom ?
do you still have feelings for her ?
do you still have feelings for him ?
do you understand what i am saying ?
do you want to go fishing tomorrow ?
do you want to see my translations ?
do you want to see something gross ?
do you want to talk about anything ?
does anyone have a picture of this ?
does that guy look familiar to you ?
does that mean you'll have to stay ?
does the story have a happy ending ?
doesn't anyone want to speak to me ?
don't be scared to meet new people .
don't eat for at least three hours .
don't forget to pay the phone bill .
don't forget to turn the light off .
don't forget to write the zip code .
don't let the kid play with knives .
don't worry . it's a common mistake .
don't you think it's time you left ?
don't you think that's a bit weird ?
either you or your friend is wrong .
even a loser can dress for success .
every man cannot be a good pianist .
everyone says that he's a good man .
excuse me , i dropped my chopsticks .
father can swim , but mother cannot .
final exams are two weeks from now .
food is still scarce in the region .
frankly speaking , i don't like her .
frankly speaking , i don't like him .
frankly speaking , i don't like you .
gasoline is no longer a cheap fuel .
give the book to whomever wants it .
go ahead . i'll meet you downstairs .
have you arrived at a decision yet ?
have you gotten over your cold yet ?
have you learned the poem by heart ?
he adapted himself to his new life .
he added that he didn't believe it .
he arrived at the station at seven .
he asked me if i liked mathematics .
he broke up the chair for firewood .
he can speak just a little english .
he can't even butter his own bread .
he caught a boy stealing his watch .
he claims to have visions from god .
he denied having said such a thing .
he didn't come to the last meeting .
he died without having made a will .
he doesn't know where he should be .
he erased his speech from the tape .
he follows the rules to the letter .
he found a nice apartment for mary .
he gathered up his things and left .
he grasped the rope with two hands .
he has been sick since last sunday .
he has been studying for two hours .
he has been waiting here some time .
he has two daughters , both married .
he helped poor people all his life .
he hid himself behind a large rock .
he instantly fell in love with her .
he is a reporter for time magazine .
he is able to speak five languages .
he is always looking to the future .
he is captain of the football team .
he is content with the simple life .
he is engaged to my younger sister .
he is immediately above me in rank .
he is less strict than our teacher .
he is not very good at mathematics .
he is the father of three children .
he is wandering around in a trance .
he likes taking care of the garden .
he likes that video game very much .
he looked at me for an explanation .
he lured her away from her husband .
he made a mistake and drank poison .
he moved out of his parents' place .
he must have taken the wrong train .
he passed the test as was expected .
he pointed to the tower over there .
he ran faster than his brother did .
he runs the business with his sons .
he sat there with his legs crossed .
he searched all day for the letter .
he seems to have finished his work .
he should have kept his mouth shut .
he sneaked around to the back door .
he sounded very tired on the phone .
he speaks english better than i do .
he stuck his pencil behind his ear .
he talks as if he knows everything .
he teaches in a girls' high school .
he tends to get upset over nothing .
he took the wrong train by mistake .
he tried several times , but failed .
he wants to reach a wider audience .
he was absent because of the storm .
he was always faithful to his wife .
he was covered all over with paint .
he was looking for this very thing .
he was silly enough to believe her .
he was very good at playing tennis .
he went away without saying a word .
he will get nowhere with his plans .
he will live forever in our hearts .
he will never visit the town again .
he's never been abroad in his life .
he's not always at home on sundays .
he's the black sheep of the family .
he's worried that he might be late .
her sister is not going to america .
her voice is pleasant to listen to .
his family did not have much money .
his parents expect too much of him .
his sister can't talk to you today .
his sister is not going to america .
his voice is pleasant to listen to .
his youngest son is five years old .
hokkaido is to the north of honshu .
hollywood isn't what it used to be .
how can you even ask that question ?
how did we get into this situation ?
how long have you known about this ?
how long is the golden gate bridge ?
how many english words do you know ?
how many close friends do you have ?
how many of your students are here ?
how many people were at your party ?
how many times have you been there ?
how much is the most expensive car ?
how would you like your steak done ?
i advised him to keep that promise .
i almost never listen to the radio .
i always catch colds in the winter .
i always drive at a moderate speed .
i am a student at hyogo university .
i am accustomed to staying up late .
i am convinced that he is innocent .
i am determined to give up smoking .
i am doubtful whether he will come .
i am going to play soccer tomorrow .
i am looking forward to seeing you .
i am married and have two children .
i am staying for another few weeks .
i am thinking of resigning at once .
i am yawning because i feel sleepy .
i ate nothing but bread and butter .
i bought a new computer last month .
i bought that record in this store .
i bought two tickets for a concert .
i can seldom find time for reading .
i can't believe i just shot myself .
i can't believe we finally made it .
i can't believe you eat that stuff .
i can't believe you just said that .
i can't believe you'd be so stupid .
i can't keep looking the other way .
i can't sleep because of the noise .
i could sure use that reward money .
i couldn't sleep at all last night .
i didn't come here for that reason .
i didn't get much sleep last night .
i didn't know that you could drive .
i didn't know you had a girlfriend .
i didn't know you were from boston .
i didn't meet him again after that .
i didn't notice the light turn red .
i didn't pretend to be your friend .
i didn't want to believe it myself .
i didn't want to wait for anything .
i didn't want you involved in this .
i don't believe i caught your name .
i don't believe it was an accident .
i don't believe you just said that .
i don't care for flowers very much .
i don't care who you're going with .
i don't have an opinion either way .
i don't have any objection to that .
i don't have the patience for this .
i don't know how i've offended you .
i don't know how long this'll take .
i don't know very many people here .
i don't know what that's all about .
i don't know why tom is whispering .
i don't like any of these pictures .
i don't like living in the country .
i don't like studying in this heat .
i don't like the taste of tomatoes .
i don't like the way you're acting .
i don't like you when you're angry .
i don't need that kind of pressure .
i don't often think about the past .
i don't particularly want to do it .
i don't quite believe what he says .
i don't quite know how it happened .
i don't really care what you think .
i don't remember what it was about .
i don't see what's wrong with that .
i don't think you have much choice .
i don't understand why tom is here .
i don't understand why you want it .
i don't want to be treated special .
i don't want to discuss it anymore .
i don't want to hear your theories .
i don't want to tell my girlfriend .
i don't want you touching my stuff .
i enjoy the time we spend together .
i exercise for two hours every day .
i feel like i've known you forever .
i feel like getting some fresh air .
i feel like someone is watching me .
i feel like someone is watching us .
i fell asleep while reading a book .
i figured this might come in handy .
i figured you might need some help .
i forced him to carry the suitcase .
i forgot how beautiful it was here .
i found it difficult to please her .
i found the key underneath the mat .
i found your letter in the mailbox .
i get along well with my neighbors .
i get scared just walking past him .
i guess i shouldn't have done that .
i had a long conversation with tom .
i had a really good time yesterday .
i had already heard that song once .
i had my bicycle stolen last night .
i had my secretary type the letter .
i had no idea you collected stamps .
i had nothing in particular to say .
i had some help painting the fence .
i have complete faith in my doctor .
i have lived here for thirty years .
i have more dresses than my sister .
i have never seen anything like it .
i have not heard from her recently .
i have one brother and two sisters .
i have to solve the problem myself .
i have two brothers and one sister .
i have two sisters and one brother .
i have urgent matters to attend to .
i haven't seen any of his pictures .
i hear that she's a famous actress .
i hear you've got a new girlfriend .
i heard a voice i didn't recognize .
i heard it thunder in the distance .
i heard someone come into the room .
i hope that your brother is better .
i intend to study abroad next year .
i just banged my head on something .
i just couldn't go through with it .
i just decided i'd come home early .
i just didn't feel like getting up .
i just really need some time alone .
i knew we shouldn't have done this .
i know that tom can't speak french .
i left my umbrella here last night .
i like vanilla ice cream very much .
i like writing with a fountain pen .
i listen to the radio after dinner .
i look forward to hearing from you .
i look forward to our next meeting .
i look forward to seeing you again .
i never dreamed of seeing you here .
i never saw anyone like tom before .
i never thought i'd get that lucky .
i never thought tom would hit mary .
i never wanted to compete with you .
i opened the box and looked inside .
i promise i'll bring it right back .
i promise you i'll never leave you .
i really don't know where to start .
i really need to talk with someone .
i really wish you hadn't done that .
i really wish you hadn't seen that .
i really wish you wouldn't do that .
i refreshed myself with a hot bath .
i refuse to listen to your excuses .
i refuse to reply to these charges .
i returned the book to the library .
i revealed the truth of the matter .
i saw something strange in the sky .
i should think she is under thirty .
i stopped smoking once and for all .
i studied english when i was there .
i suggest trying to get some sleep .
i suggest we swim across the river .
i think tom and mary are canadians .
i think tom wants something to eat .
i think that's exactly what i'd do .
i think you deserve more than this .
i think you owe her an explanation .
i think you should leave tom alone .
i think you should talk to someone .
i thought doing this would be easy .
i thought it best to remain silent .
i thought you might need some help .
i thought you might want this back .
i thought you said you worked here .
i tried to listen to him carefully .
i want everything to be just right .
i want permission to go home early .
i want those back when you're done .
i want to go wherever you're going .
i want to know everything about it .
i want to know everything you know .
i want to leave this place quickly .
i want to lodge a formal complaint .
i want to take another look around .
i want you to promise me something .
i want you to remember this moment .
i wanted to buy you something nice .
i wanted to know what would happen .
i wanted to retire three years ago .
i was beginning to worry about you .
i was foolish enough to believe it .
i was involved in a petty argument .
i was late for school this morning .
i was reading a book while walking .
i was stupid enough to believe tom .
i was tired from doing my homework .
i wasn't expecting tom to be there .
i will call back in twenty minutes .
i will give you the money tomorrow .
i will introduce you to my parents .
i will start working on july first .
i wish i could be more spontaneous .
i wish i could have spoken spanish .
i wish that she would stop smoking .
i won't be at the opening ceremony .
i wonder which one i should choose .
i wonder which way is the shortest .
i wonder why karaoke is so popular .
i would like a chocolate ice cream .
i would like to tell you something .
i wouldn't miss this for the world .
i'd appreciate it if you'd help me .
i'd like to ask you some questions .
i'd like to forget the whole thing .
i'd like to get started right away .
i'd like to have my blood examined .
i'd like to have that gift wrapped .
i'd like to open a savings account .
i'd like to see you this afternoon .
i'd like to study french next year .
i'd like to welcome you all aboard .
i'd like you to answer my question .
i'd like you to postpone your trip .
i'd like your permission to use it .
i'd rather not go out this evening .
i'll have it here for you tomorrow .
i'll let you know when she arrives .
i'll never forget what you told me .
i'll wait here until he comes back .
i'm ok with having just one friend .
i'm beginning to see what you mean .
i'm glad that the rain has stopped .
i'm going to a monster truck rally .
i'm going to go out this afternoon .
i'm going to leave one night early .
i'm going to teach you some karate .
i'm just a plain old office worker .
i'm not gonna do anything about it .
i'm not really asleep , just dozing .
i'm on crutches for the next month .
i'm really not supposed to do this .
i'm really not very good at french .
i'm sorry to have kept you waiting .
i'm sorry we can't stay any longer .
i'm sorry , i don't really remember .
i'm sure i'll win the tennis match .
i'm thinking of having dinner at 5 .
i'm trying to get my children back .
i've already told you what i think .
i've arranged for a bit of privacy .
i've been feeling this way all day .
i've been looking all over for you .
i've got to get dressed for school .
i've got two brothers and a sister .
i've hurt your feelings , haven't i ?
i've locked myself out of my house .
i've made a couple of friends here .
i've never seen such a large whale .
i , too , didn't understand anything .
if i'd only listened to my parents !
is tom staying at the hilton hotel ?
is it possible to drink salt water ?
is there a flight in the afternoon ?
is there a gas station around here ?
is there a problem between you two ?
is there any coffee in the kitchen ?
is there anything you want to know ?
is there somebody you want to call ?
is there something you want to ask ?
is there something you want to say ?
is there space for one more person ?
it happened when tom was in boston .
it is difficult to give up smoking .
it is going to rain this afternoon .
it is starting to look pretty cool .
it is worthwhile to read this book .
it isn't polite to stare at people .
it scared the daylights out of him .
it seems my dreams never come true .
it seems that tom isn't here today .
it was a case of mistaken identity .
it was a miracle that he recovered .
it was his bicycle that was stolen .
it was nothing less than a miracle .
it wasn't me who started the fight .
it's tom's turn to wash the dishes .
it's a lot of fun playing outdoors .
it's a pity that you couldn't come .
it's about time you went to school .
it's cold there even in the summer .
it's illegal to park your car here .
it's no use crying over spilt milk .
it's not easy to solve the problem .
it's not polite to point at others .
it's not polite to stare at others .
it's possible that tom is a genius .
it's possible that tom lied to you .
it's said that he knows the secret .
it's time you went to the barber's .
it's too dark to play baseball now .
just give me your name and address .
let me introduce my parents to you .
let's get a picture of us together .
let's go over what we already know .
let's meet in front of the library .
let's split the reward fifty - fifty .
let's stop at the next gas station .
let's try to make our world better .
life is like a roller coaster ride .
life is often compared to a voyage .
life's too short to drink bad wine .
long skirts are out of fashion now .
look up the word in the dictionary .
love began to grow between the two .
magda is going to marry a spaniard .
mahjong is a game four people play .
many of the workers died of hunger .
mary isn't as pretty as her sister .
may i accompany you to the airport ?
maybe we can talk about that later .
mr . jackson is my favorite teacher .
mr . jackson is our science teacher .
my aunt sent me a birthday present .
my baby brother still wets his bed .
my bike is not anything like yours .
my brother's room is always a mess .
my daughter was taken away from me .
my dog often pretends to be asleep .
my father lives and works in tokyo .
my grandfather died when i was boy .
my husband is away for the weekend .
my meals are prepared by my mother .
my mother set the table for dinner .
my sister got married in her teens .
my sister is a very beautiful girl .
my sister is afraid of all doctors .
my sister is older than my brother .
my sister is very fond of children .
my sister made me a beautiful doll .
my success was largely due to luck .
my watch loses three minutes a day .
neither of us wants to get married .
never bite the hand that feeds you .
no one was punished for the fiasco .
nobody but a fool would believe it .
nobody has the right to control us .
none of his advice was very useful .
nothing could be done , except wait .
nothing seems to grow in this soil .
nothing will take me away from you .
one of my pleasures is watching tv .
one stayed and the other went away .
only 514 people have been in space .
our dog buries bones in the garden .
our success was due to his efforts .
people like him because he is kind .
plants take in water from the soil .
please bring us two cups of coffee .
please deposit the money in a bank .
please give me a dozen cream puffs .
please pass me the salt and pepper .
please speak as clearly as you can .
please take a look at that picture .
please take a look at this picture .
please tell me the story once more .
promise me you won't do that again .
she accused me of making a mistake .
she advised him to be more careful .
she advised him to drink more milk .
she advised him to give up smoking .
she advised him to read more books .
she advised him to see the dentist .
she applied a bandage to the wound .
she baked her husband an apple pie .
she blamed her failure on bad luck .
she choked him with her bare hands .
she couldn't take her eyes off him .
she cried when she heard the story .
she didn't intend to let him drive .
she didn't like living in the city .
she didn't like the horse at first .
she didn't want him to go overseas .
she doesn't listen to music at all .
she extended her stay by five days .
she gave me a smile of recognition .
she glanced shyly at the young man .
she has a large bedroom to herself .
she has a natural talent for music .
she has nothing in common with him .
she has the large house to herself .
she is able to speak ten languages .
she is afraid of falling ill again .
she is always trying to please him .
she is busy preparing for the trip .
she is very popular among the boys .
she laid the magazine on the table .
she left her umbrella in the train .
she likes to go walking by herself .
she lives in this house by herself .
she lost what little money she had .
she mixed him up with someone else .
she put down her thoughts on paper .
she put me in a delicate situation .
she seems to understand what i say .
she stayed there for a short while .
she testified that she saw the man .
she tied up the parcel with string .
she told him to rewrite his resume .
she was burning to tell the secret .
she was fortunate to pass the exam .
she was pleased to see the results .
she was pleased with the new dress .
she was quite eager in her studies .
she was unwilling to tell her name .
she was very surprised at the news .
she went out without saying a word .
she will accompany me on the piano .
she will have to cook for everyone .
she won the one hundred meter race .
she'd like him to leave right away .
she's a lot smarter than she looks .
she's about the same height as you .
she's five years younger than i am .
she's got a good eye for paintings .
shepherd tried to run and was shot .
sitting all day isn't good for you .
six o'clock will suit me very well .
some people seem to agree with you .
somehow or other i found his house .
someone said tom is looking for us .
something's on your mind , isn't it ?
students should try not to be late .
take the first street to the right .
take the oranges out of the fridge .
talking to tom isn't going to help .
tell tom i still have his umbrella .
tell me how you solved the problem .
thank you in advance for your help .
that nurse is very kind and polite .
that river is dangerous to swim in .
that rock band gives me a headache .
that student runs fast , doesn't he ?
that toy is selling like hot cakes .
that's enough for today . i'm tired .
that's exactly what i want to hear .
that's exactly what i want to know .
that's exactly what i wanted to do .
that's only the tip of the iceberg .
that's why we moved back to boston .
the bible has it written like this .
the japanese live on rice and fish .
the north won the battle of shiloh .
the queen's crown was made of gold .
the air was full of flying bullets .
the army has advanced to the river .
the baby fell asleep in the cradle .
the baby is sleeping in the cradle .
the bill passed at the last moment .
the book was better than the movie .
the boss just chewed him out again .
the boy came running into the room .
the boy lay listening to the radio .
the bridge was built by the romans .
the children got lost in the woods .
the clean towels are in the drawer .
the country was gearing up for war .
the decision has not yet been made .
the dictionary on the desk is mine .
the door is locked at nine o'clock .
the driver felt like taking a rest .
the elevator is out of order today .
the enemy launched an attack on us .
the flood deposited a layer of mud .
the hill was all covered with snow .
the house has been empty for years .
the kids are making too much noise .
the king once lived in that palace .
the library is on the second floor .
the medicine didn't do me any good .
the next holiday falls on a sunday .
the nurse has given tom a sedative .
the plane crash was only last week .
the plane gets in at eight o'clock .
the police will be here any minute .
the pond is 100 meters in diameter .
the postman was bitten by that dog .
the rain shows no sign of stopping .
the report on the meeting is ready .
the result is neither good nor bad .
the rumor spread all over the town .
the saying is quite familiar to us .
the smell of roses filled the room .
the soldier was wounded in the leg .
the sushi at this shop tastes good .
the tape recorder was on the table .
the teacher allowed him to go home .
the tickets sold out within a week .
the train is 10 minutes late today .
the two sides hold talks this week .
the wind is blowing from the north .
there are five fish in my aquarium .
there are only 28 days in february .
there is a military base near here .
there is a path through the fields .
there is a television in this room .
there is an error in this sentence .
there is an urgent message for you .
there is more water than is needed .
there is nothing new under the sun .
there must be some kind of problem .
there wasn't much else we could do .
there were no radios in those days .
there will be a math test tomorrow .
there's been a death in his family .
there's nothing we can do about it .
there's someone i want you to meet .
there's too much salt in this soup .
these light bulbs can't all be bad .
these pills come in a blister pack .
these shirts are all the same size .
they are proud of their clever son .
they arrived in england a week ago .
they brush their teeth twice a day .
they never pay any attention to me .
they say that he will never return .
they say that old house is haunted .
they sell that at a hardware store .
they stood talking for a long time .
they want me to organize the party .
they're back where they want to be .
things are only going to get worse .
this book contains a lot of photos .
this car is very economical on gas .
this clock gains two minutes a day .
this dictionary is by far the best .
this doesn't taste like pork to me .
this flower is beautiful , isn't it ?
this is a support group for widows .
this is the best restaurant i know .
this is the tallest tower in japan .
this is what you're supposed to do .
this lake is deepest at this point .
this lesson should be kept in mind .
this river is the widest in europe .
this song is very popular in japan .
this song was popular in the 1970s .
this suitcase is too heavy for you .
this ticket is good for three days .
this watch is better than that one .
this word is also french in origin .
today is the hottest day this year .
tom always shouts when he is angry .
tom and mary are young and healthy .
tom and mary both started to laugh .
tom asked mary to brew some coffee .
tom asked mary why she was smiling .
tom asked how much the ticket cost .
tom asked me to come back tomorrow .
tom bought a gift for his daughter .
tom built an igloo in his backyard .
tom closed the door of his bedroom .
tom could see that mary was crying .
tom decided to ask for mary's help .
tom didn't know anyone in the room .
tom doesn't have to worry about me .
tom doesn't know mary is in boston .
tom doesn't know where he was born .
tom doesn't know who he should ask .
tom doesn't like any kind of music .
tom doesn't think he could do that .
tom doesn't want mary to touch him .
tom doesn't want to live in boston .
tom doesn't want to read that book .
tom doesn't want to wait that long .
tom finished the job in three days .
tom forgot his umbrella in his car .
tom had never seen mary that angry .
tom has decided to propose to mary .
tom has friends all over the world .
tom has no intention of doing that .
tom is busy preparing for his trip .
tom is ill at ease among strangers .
tom is impulsive and self - centered .
tom is in his room studying french .
tom is probably not busy right now .
tom is really overweight , isn't he ?
tom is taking good care of himself .
tom is working as a security guard .
tom isn't listed in the phone book .
tom isn't really in love with mary .
tom left his sunglasses in his car .
tom lives in the middle of nowhere .
tom made his way through the crowd .
tom must've been home at that time .
tom offered to pay for the damages .
tom poured himself a cup of coffee .
tom poured some cereal into a bowl .
tom pushed the raft into the water .
tom really wants to be your friend .
tom said he didn't know the answer .
tom said he'd like to visit boston .
tom seems to know all that already .
tom seems to want to say something .
tom shares a room with his brother .
tom spilled some wine on his shirt .
tom spoke to the doctors in french .
tom started to take off his jacket .
tom told me i shouldn't swim there .
tom took out a bag of marshmallows .
tom tossed another log on the fire .
tom wanted mary to accept his gift .
tom wants mary to keep him company .
tom was offended by what mary said .
tom was sitting on the couch alone .
tom was the first person to arrive .
tom wasn't my husband at that time .
tom wondered why his wife left him .
tom's dog is a pretty good swimmer .
tom's the one who broke the window .
waiter , please bring me some water .
wanna go upstairs and have a drink ?
was he still here when you arrived ?
we always have to follow the rules .
we are traveling on a tight budget .
we believe in the existence of god .
we can't do this without some help .
we don't have any eggs left either .
we don't want to cause any trouble .
we don't want to do anything hasty .
we don't want you to hurt yourself .
we elected her captain of our team .
we had a heavy rainfall last night .
we had no alternative but to fight .
we happened to be in hokkaido then .
we happened to meet at the station .
we happened to ride the same train .
we happened to take the same train .
we have decided to adopt your idea .
we have known each other for years .
we have less than three hours left .
we have no options but to continue .
we have no secrets from each other .
we have to make sure they're ready .
we have walked all around the lake .
we haven't actually set a date yet .
we haven't had much rain this year .
we learned that he had an accident .
we loaded our baggage into the car .
we must have something to live for .
we need a firm quotation by monday .
we often went skiing in the winter .
we only see each other on weekends .
we reached the top of the mountain .
we saw the children enter the room .
we were all present at her wedding .
we were all present at the meeting .
we were attacked by swarms of bees .
we were greeted by a cute waitress .
we were surprised to hear the news .
we were unable to follow his logic .
we will know the truth before long .
we won't get to you until tomorrow .
we would like to stay here tonight .
we're getting a lot of things done .
we're getting a new car next month .
we're going to give it another try .
we're looking for a friend of ours .
we're looking for a place to sleep .
we're not doing this for the money .
we've been friends for a long time .
were you able to solve the problem ?
what are the terms of the contract ?
what did tom get you for christmas ?
what did he do during the holidays ?
what do you have to complain about ?
what do you want for your birthday ?
what has brought you here so early ?
what have you done with my luggage ?
what he's doing is against the law .
what is the meaning of this phrase ?
what is the most popular movie now ?
what is the origin of the universe ?
what kind of training have you had ?
what kind of wine do you recommend ?
what makes you think i'm not happy ?
what should i do to stop hiccoughs ?
what was the cause of the accident ?
what was the cause of your quarrel ?
what would you like to do tomorrow ?
what you don't know won't hurt you .
what'll you do if someone sees you ?
what's tom going to do next summer ?
what's going to happen to our pets ?
whatever you do , don't forget this .
when are you coming back to boston ?
when did you come back from london ?
when did you get your first tattoo ?
when did your daughter come of age ?
where did you get all those plants ?
where do you want to sleep tonight ?
where have you been all this while ?
which planet is closest to the sun ?
which wine goes best with red meat ?
who wears the pants in your family ?
who's the next person on your list ?
why are we even talking about this ?
why didn't we think of that before ?
why didn't you just take the money ?
why don't we play tennis on sunday ?
why don't you come dancing with me ?
why don't you read it for yourself ?
why don't you try a different tack ?
why would god allow this to happen ?
why would anybody want to kill you ?
will you be in boston this weekend ?
will you have another slice of pie ?
women were given the right to vote .
work harder if you plan to succeed .
would you like a little more salad ?
would you like to be my apprentice ?
would you mind lending me your car ?
would you mind lending me your pen ?
would you mind my opening the door ?
would you please wait for a minute ?
write down your date of birth here .
write it down before you forget it .
you and i have something in common .
you are entitled to try once again .
you are in part responsible for it .
you are more stupid than i thought .
you are not supposed to smoke here .
you can have this book for nothing .
you can invite any person you like .
you can rely on his proven ability .
you can't always get what you want .
you deserve so much more than this .
you don't want to do anything rash .
you don't want to keep him waiting .
you have put your hat on backwards .
you know very well how it happened .
you look nice with your hair short .
you might as well go kill yourself .
you might not want to mention that .
you must take his age into account .
you must've thought i was an idiot .
you never told me you were married .
you probably just want to be alone .
you said it wasn't going to happen .
you should be careful what you say .
you should have told him the truth .
you should not talk back like that .
you were such a big help yesterday .
you will be missed by your friends .
you'd better go . it's getting late .
you'd better see a dentist at once .
you'd better wait for the next bus .
you're giving me the same old line .
you're new around here , aren't you ?
you're the only person i can trust .
your parents didn't come , did they ?
your threats don't scare me at all .
a japanese wouldn't do such a thing .
a ceasefire began a few hours later .
a friend of mine is studying abroad .
a gunshot was heard in the distance .
a hundred years is called a century .
a man appeared from behind the door .
a mighty cheer burst from the crowd .
a new topic came up in conversation .
a parrot can mimic a person's voice .
a picture is worth a thousand words .
a team of paramedics is standing by .
a woman appeared from behind a tree .
all of us looked through the window .
almost all of my neighbors are nice .
an expensive car is a status symbol .
any amount of money will be welcome .
are you coming to the party tonight ?
are you for or against the proposal ?
are you going to attend the meeting ?
are you pleased with your new house ?
are you sure we've never met before ?
are you sure you didn't do anything ?
are you willing to take that chance ?
aren't you sick of eating fast food ?
at first , the indians were friendly .
at last , we reached our destination .
black smoke came out of the chimney .
both tom and mary were absent today .
both his father and mother are dead .
both of my parents have passed away .
brown is not her natural hair color .
cds have taken the place of records .
can i exchange yen for dollars here ?
can i give you some friendly advice ?
can anything ever be the same again ?
can foreign students be in the club ?
can you explain what pko stands for ?
can you imagine walking on the moon ?
can you justify the use of violence ?
can you tell us what you're wearing ?
correct the errors if there are any .
could you make a reservation for me ?
could you move just a little closer ?
could you please fix this flat tire ?
could you reduce the price a little ?
could you send this letter to japan ?
could you speak more slowly , please ?
cover the seeds with a little earth .
cows are eating grass in the meadow .
did you get enough sleep last night ?
did you inform your teacher of this ?
did you tell everybody all about me ?
do you always greet people that way ?
do you have an appointment with him ?
do you have any brothers or sisters ?
do you have anything further to say ?
do you know where your children are ?
do you realize how late it's gotten ?
do you realize the danger you're in ?
do you really believe in that stuff ?
do you really think tom is handsome ?
do you think we should abandon ship ?
do you want something cold to drink ?
do you wash your hands before meals ?
don't ask questions . just follow me .
don't forget to call me up tomorrow .
don't forget your gloves . it's cold .
don't judge a man by his appearance .
don't leave the bicycle in the rain .
don't leave your dog inside all day .
don't let children play in the road .
don't let him take advantage of you .
don't make noises when you eat soup .
don't put the cart before the horse .
don't scream , or i'll scream louder .
don't talk to your father like that .
don't talk to your mother like that .
don't worry . i'm not going anywhere .
don't you hate it when that happens ?
eating between meals is a bad habit .
eating fish is good for your health .
every man has his own strong points .
every town in america has a library .
everybody came to the class on time .
everyone needs a place to call home .
everyone voted yes . no one objected .
everyone was invited , except for me .
few students know how to read latin .
fish and red wine don't go together .
get your mother to do your homework !
go upstairs and bring down my trunk .
have you bought a raffle ticket yet ?
have you ever had a serious illness ?
have you received a letter from him ?
he always mistakes me for my sister .
he apologized to her for being late .
he appears to be strong and healthy .
he beat the odds and was successful .
he became famous all over the world .
he borrowed the car from his friend .
he complained to her about the food .
he decided to put off his departure .
he didn't take an umbrella with him .
he died fighting in the vietnam war .
he doubts that i'll keep my promise .
he earned as much money as possible .
he exchanged his cow for two horses .
he fetched some water from the well .
he finds fault with everything i do .
he had few friends and little money .
he has a perfect command of english .
he has a tendency to be pessimistic .
he has been busy since this morning .
he has four children to provide for .
he is always willing to help others .
he is less patient than his brother .
he is out of circulation these days .
he is regretful that he couldn't go .
he is suffering from loss of memory .
he judged it wiser to remain silent .
he kept waiting for hours and hours .
he landed himself a really plum job .
he lives six houses beyond my house .
he lost his eyesight in an accident .
he made many excuses for being late .
he made the most of his opportunity .
he managed to swim across the river .
he married his daughter to a lawyer .
he might have missed the last train .
he must have left the water running .
he must have missed his usual train .
he often gets angry at small things .
he pressed his ear against the wall .
he ran his fingers through her hair .
he remained a bachelor all his life .
he speaks french as well as english .
he spent the evening reading a book .
he spent the morning reading a book .
he spoke with a typical texan drawl .
he still has not written the letter .
he stood there with his eyes closed .
he suggested a plan similar to mine .
he threw everything out of the boat .
he tried wooing her with love poems .
he tucked the napkin under his chin .
he was foolish enough to believe it .
he was not allowed to remain silent .
he was raised in an artistic family .
he was sitting with his arms folded .
he was stupid enough to believe her .
he was surprised by what he learned .
he was very pleased with the result .
he went there instead of his father .
he will object to your going abroad .
he wrenched the letter from my hand .
he's got the new technique down pat .
he's here trying to stir up trouble .
he's not paying any attention to me .
he's not working much at the moment .
he's waiting for the train to leave .
her wish is to study abroad someday .
here is a present for your birthday .
his body was covered with brown fur .
his face showed that he was annoyed .
his failure is due to his ignorance .
his failure taught me a good lesson .
his grandmother can't walk , can she ?
his skill qualifies him for the job .
hopefully , the weather will be good .
how did you get acquainted with her ?
how did you get over the difficulty ?
how do you pronounce your last name ?
how long have you been working here ?
how long have you two been together ?
how long may i borrow this notebook ?
how many hours do you normally work ?
how much does the wooden chair cost ?
i always read the sports page first .
i am a student at oxford university .
i am accustoming to this life style .
i am glad to accept your invitation .
i am interested in chess these days .
i am intrigued by what is happening .
i am looking forward to your letter .
i am not concerned with this affair .
i am still attached to this bicycle .
i apologize if i hurt your feelings .
i appreciate all you've done for me .
i arrived at osaka station at night .
i assume your mission was a success .
i ate bread and butter this morning .
i belong to the rugby football club .
i bought a pen like yours yesterday .
i bought this racket two months ago .
i can carry those suitcases for you .
i can neither confirm nor deny this .
i can take care of that immediately .
i can understand what she is saying .
i can understand your point of view .
i can't believe i forgot about this .
i can't believe tom is still single .
i can't believe we're going to lose .
i can't believe you let this happen .
i can't believe you think i'm pushy .
i can't convey my feelings in words .
i can't imagine my life without you .
i can't remember which is my racket .
i can't settle for this boring life .
i can't sleep when i'm stressed out .
i can't stand that noise any longer .
i cannot help laughing at her jokes .
i caught the man stealing the money .
i couldn't hear what was being said .
i couldn't put up with his rudeness .
i cried myself to sleep every night .
i didn't even know you spoke french .
i didn't even notice you were there .
i didn't know how to express myself .
i didn't really feel like going out .
i do not like mathematics very much .
i don't even think about it anymore .
i don't expect you to understand it .
i don't feel like going out tonight .
i don't have a very good dictionary .
i don't have to make an appointment .
i don't know all the details myself .
i don't know because i wasn't there .
i don't know either of his brothers .
i don't know how to handle children .
i don't know if that means anything .
i don't know much about your family .
i don't know what i'm doing anymore .
i don't like being treated this way .
i don't mind leaving at six o'clock .
i don't really know what that means .
i don't really know what this means .
i don't remember any of their names .
i don't think tom will believe mary .
i don't understand what tom told us .
i don't want to drink anything cold .
i eat my breakfast at seven o'clock .
i failed to recall the song's title .
i feel bad about ruining your party .
i felt like i really belonged there .
i figured that would make you laugh .
i finally caught up with my friends .
i find it difficult to believe that .
i found your slippers under the bed .
i got acquainted with her in france .
i got acquainted with him last year .
i guess i haven't made myself clear .
i had already spotted him from afar .
i had hoped we might become friends .
i had no control over the situation .
i had the gardener plant some trees .
i hadn't expected anyone to be home .
i hadn't intended to stay this long .
i have a good appetite this morning .
i have a large collection of stamps .
i have a previous engagement at ten .
i have been here since five o'clock .
i have four sisters and one brother .
i have nothing to do this afternoon .
i have to think this over carefully .
i haven't read either of his novels .
i haven't seen her since last month .
i haven't seen much of him recently .
i helped my mother with the cooking .
i hope they have a pleasant journey .
i hope you enjoyed the long weekend .
i hope you have a wonderful evening .
i hope you will be completely cured .
i just told everybody the good news .
i just wanted tonight to be perfect .
i knew you would do something great .
i know some students in that school .
i let my emotions cloud my judgment .
i like to listen to classical music .
i locked myself out of my apartment .
i looked for him in the supermarket .
i lost my key somewhere around here .
i made several mistakes in the exam .
i managed to make him understand it .
i may have seen that girl somewhere .
i missed the last train last friday .
i need someone who can speak french .
i never really gave it much thought .
i never thought you really did that .
i object to being treated like that .
i persuaded him to consult a doctor .
i really feel like crying right now .
i really have to finish my homework .
i regret not having kept my promise .
i regret saying that you were wrong .
i saw tom dancing with another girl .
i should get to boston by lunchtime .
i should probably not be doing this .
i shouldn't have gotten up so early .
i spent last sunday reading a novel .
i spent the weekend with my friends .
i spent two hours playing the piano .
i still say we should've helped tom .
i talked him into selling his house .
i taught tom french for three years .
i taught my girlfriend how to drive .
i think i've seen this movie before .
i think tom could make a difference .
i think perhaps you should call tom .
i think that fact is very important .
i think there's going to be trouble .
i think we can handle the situation .
i think we'll get there before noon .
i think you shouldn't be doing that .
i think you'd better come back home .
i took a painkiller for my headache .
i took two aspirins for my headache .
i value our friendship a great deal .
i visit my grandmother twice a week .
i want to pretend it never happened .
i was forced to accept her proposal .
i was forced to accept his proposal .
i was not conscious of her presence .
i was supposed to do that yesterday .
i was thinking about asking her out .
i was thinking the exact same thing .
i wash my hands before eating lunch .
i wasn't living in boston last year .
i went outside early in the morning .
i went skiing in canada last winter .
i will go tomorrow morning at seven .
i wonder if this water is drinkable .
i wonder when the civil war started .
i work every day except for sundays .
i would like to attend that lecture .
i would like to insure this package .
i would like to purchase some boots .
i would rather have tea than coffee .
i wouldn't have made it without you .
i'd be happy if that happened again .
i'd like to cash a travelers' check .
i'd like to get the meeting started .
i'd like to have breakfast with you .
i'd like to have some hot chocolate .
i'd like you to itemize the charges .
i'll be sixteen on my next birthday .
i'll see to it first thing tomorrow .
i'll stay with tom until you return .
i'll wait until you finish the work .
i'm afraid i've run short of coffee .
i'm also thinking of going to korea .
i'm calling to report a lost wallet .
i'm getting more and more gray hair .
i'm getting off at the next station .
i'm going to study french next year .
i'm happy you two are friends again .
i'm in the mood for something sweet .
i'm not sure what you were thinking .
i'm not worried about losing my job .
i'm ready to leave whenever you are .
i'm really disappointed in you , tom .
i'm slow to adapt to new situations .
i'm sorry you got dragged into this .
i'm the one who makes the decisions .
i'm trying to save room for dessert .
i'm very sorry to have troubled you .
i've been asked to quit the company .
i've decided to go a little further .
i've had to make some tough choices .
i've heard rumors about you and tom .
i've never actually seen a real cow .
i've never been to my uncle's house .
i've never done it like that before .
in japan , bowing is common courtesy .
in switzerland , spring comes in may .
is the staff meeting held on monday ?
is there a clothing store near here ?
is there a similar proverb in japan ?
is there a supermarket in this mall ?
is there anything you'd like to add ?
is this building open to the public ?
is this your copy of the dictionary ?
is this your glass or your sister's ?
it does seem like an excellent plan .
it doesn't get any better than this .
it doesn't matter how much it costs .
it is absurd trying to persuade him .
it is impossible for you to succeed .
it made me forget about my problems .
it seems like there's no money left .
it was cloudy , with occasional rain .
it was yesterday that he went there .
it will become much warmer in march .
it wouldn't be the same without you .
it'll be nice to see everyone again .
it's a lot more difficult than that .
it's a pleasure to finally meet you .
it's a shame that you're not coming .
it's been raining for almost a week .
it's better to give than to receive .
it's cold today so button your coat .
it's no use trying to intimidate me .
it's okay to take it easy sometimes .
it's something my mother used to do .
it's the fastest train in the world .
it's very likely that he'll be late .
just act as if nothing has happened .
just mind your own business , please .
kyoto is famous for its old temples .
let's go grab a burger or something .
let's go outside for some fresh air .
let's hope next year will be better .
let's keep in touch with each other .
let's sit where there is some shade .
life is often compared to a journey .
lock the window before going to bed .
look up the word in your dictionary .
look up this word in the dictionary .
many runners passed out in the heat .
mary is being careful with her baby .
mary is expecting a baby in october .
men with guns were waiting for them .
money is not a criterion of success .
more than five - hundred were wounded .
mother was afraid i would get dirty .
mr . jackson is our homeroom teacher .
my apartment is on the fourth floor .
my best friend is currently in rome .
my bicycle was gone when i returned .
my brother is a high school student .
my camera is much better than yours .
my children were taken away from me .
my dream is to become a firefighter .
my duty is to protect everyone here .
my father gave up smoking last year .
my father made me a delicious lunch .
my father will not be busy tomorrow .
my feet are small compared to yours .
my homeroom teacher is mrs . jackson .
my husband is always reading in bed .
my mother went shopping , didn't she ?
my motorcycle broke down on the way .
my sister has become a good pianist .
my sister is engaged in social work .
my sister plays the piano every day .
my wife is hiding something from me .
no one believes that he is innocent .
no sailboat is faster than this one .
not all criminals should go to jail .
not everybody wants to be an artist .
not everyone who lives here is rich .
open your mouth and close your eyes .
our apartment is on the third floor .
our parents should be taken care of .
our streets flood when we have rain .
our town was bombed twice this week .
perhaps i can be of some assistance .
please don't tell anyone i was here .
please lock the door when you leave .
please take more care in the future .
please tell me how to cook sukiyaki .
please tell me what's going on here .
punish the wicked and save the weak .
put the eggs into the boiling water .
replace the old tires with new ones .
rome has a lot of ancient buildings .
sales fell off in the third quarter .
she accused him of stealing her car .
she advised him to do more exercise .
she advised him to give up drinking .
she advised him to read those books .
she believes her son is still alive .
she blamed him for all her problems .
she cooked a special dinner for him .
she cooked her husband an apple pie .
she doesn't admit that she is wrong .
she gave him something hot to drink .
she had time for her favorite hobby .
she has a husband and two daughters .
she has good control over her class .
she has traveled all over the globe .
she insisted that he play the piano .
she is always free in the afternoon .
she is fluent in english and french .
she is not anything like her mother .
she longs for her husband to arrive .
she looked him straight in the eyes .
she looks prettier in her red dress .
she made the same mistake as before .
she moved out of her parents' house .
she parted from her friend in tears .
she promised to meet him last night .
she should have arrived home by now .
she starts her job at seven o'clock .
she surprised him with a small gift .
she takes piano lessons once a week .
she talks as if she knew everything .
she was a bridesmaid at the wedding .
she was having a hard time swimming .
she was never seen again after that .
she's most happy when she's at home .
should i help tom with his homework ?
since you're tired , you should rest .
some people compare life to a stage .
some people in the crowd fired back .
some people read books to kill time .
sometimes all we have is our dreams .
sorry , we don't accept credit cards .
speech is silver , silence is golden .
suddenly , 100 workers were laid off .
take the medicine three times a day .
take your hands out of your pockets .
taste buds are needed to taste food .
telegraph us when you get to boston .
tell me a little bit about yourself .
ten years have passed since he died .
thank you for inviting me to dinner .
thank you for inviting us to dinner .
thank you very much for inviting me .
thank you very much for your letter .
thanks to you i've lost my appetite .
that blue dress suits you very well .
that dress looks really nice on you .
that is the picture that he painted .
that is what they study english for .
that love affair is a family secret .
that makes a difference , doesn't it ?
that mattress needs to be aired out .
that noise is almost driving me mad .
that shouldn't be much of a problem .
that's a horse of a different color .
that's the point i'm trying to make .
that's the problem we have to solve .
that's what my mom keeps telling me .
that's what we've got to figure out .
that's where i can't agree with you .
the sphinx began to walk around him .
the address on this parcel is wrong .
the air conditioner is out of order .
the atomic number for hydrogen is 1 .
the author's name is familiar to us .
the bomb will explode in 10 seconds .
the boy was laughed at by everybody .
the bus drivers are on strike today .
the cat crouched down ready to jump .
the cat loves playing in the garden .
the city was bombed by enemy planes .
the climate is mild in this country .
the clock on that tower is accurate .
the company wants to hire 20 people .
the customs office is at the border .
the dictionary on the desk is tom's .
the doctor advised him not to smoke .
the doctor cured her of her disease .
the dog next door is always barking .
the exact same thing happened to me .
the farmer plowed his field all day .
the game got more and more exciting .
the jets took off one after another .
the lawn mower needs gas to operate .
the leaves on trees have turned red .
the lecture covered a lot of ground .
the little girl did nothing but cry .
the man was a fountain of knowledge .
the nightlife is better in new york .
the plan has been successful so far .
the policeman is wearing a gas mask .
the rule doesn't apply in this case .
the ship is not equipped with radar .
the snowstorm raged for a full week .
the spy made contact with the enemy .
the train is ten minutes late today .
the very thought is abhorrent to me .
the washing machine is out of order .
the wind calmed down in the evening .
the workers were naked to the waist .
their house is far from the station .
there are no mistakes in your essay .
there are some apples in the basket .
there is a dragonfly on the ceiling .
there is a mistake in this sentence .
there is an exception to every rule .
there is an urgent need for shelter .
there is little water in the bucket .
there is no advantage in doing that .
there is no answer to your question .
there is no doubt about his ability .
there is no excuse for your actions .
there is no factory in this village .
there isn't any film in this camera .
there were no people in the village .
there will be a concert next sunday .
there's no hiding the fact from her .
there's nothing more i can tell you .
there's nothing to be done about it .
there's somebody i want you to meet .
there's something i have to ask you .
these boxes are made out of plastic .
they agreed to give us an interview .
they can add something if they wish .
they cried when they heard the news .
they don't teach you that in school .
they donated money to the red cross .
they even named their boy after you .
they forced me to take the medicine .
they hang out together all the time .
they have brown skin and black hair .
they have drunk two bottles of wine .
they hired someone else for the job .
they left very early in the morning .
they often go on picnics by bicycle .
they talked over the plan for hours .
this book is not available in japan .
this custom began in the edo period .
this door is locked from the inside .
this house is registered in my name .
this is an interesting book to read .
this is something i must face alone .
this job involves lots of hard work .
this law is applicable to all cases .
this may just come in handy someday .
this poor cat almost died of hunger .
this river flows south into the sea .
this show is too racy for teenagers .
this test doesn't have a time limit .
this ticket is valid for three days .
this watch cost me ten thousand yen .
this year is going to be prosperous .
tom and mary are the only survivors .
tom and mary were talking in french .
tom attached the string to the kite .
tom bought himself a new sports car .
tom can bake really good apple pies .
tom can give you an answer tomorrow .
tom can't stop mary from doing that .
tom certainly knows a lot of french .
tom denied having said such a thing .
tom didn't come to the last meeting .
tom didn't want mary to drive drunk .
tom doesn't like to talk about that .
tom doesn't need to wait any longer .
tom doesn't put sugar in his coffee .
tom doesn't realize how lucky he is .
tom doesn't want to miss his flight .
tom doesn't want to wait any longer .
tom forgot to bring his lunch today .
tom gave the police a false address .
tom got home later than usual today .
tom got permission to go home early .
tom hanged himself in his jail cell .
tom has an older brother named john .
tom has decided to have the surgery .
tom hid mary's doll behind the door .
tom is a fluent speaker of japanese .
tom is going to visit mary tomorrow .
tom is someone who can't be trusted .
tom is the father of three children .
tom kept on making the same mistake .
tom kissed mary and she slapped him .
tom lives in the apartment above us .
tom makes his own bed every morning .
tom mistook me for my older brother .
tom moved to boston three years ago .
tom passed most of the time fishing .
tom plays tennis three times a week .
tom poured more wine into his glass .
tom pretended that he didn't see it .
tom promised never to do that again .
tom put his pistol under the pillow .
tom put the thermometer on the wall .
tom put thirty dollars on the table .
tom really hates this kind of thing .
tom remained silent for a long time .
tom scratched his name off the list .
tom seems to be waiting for someone .
tom seldom puts sugar in his coffee .
tom shouldn't do that kind of thing .
tom shouldn't have done what he did .
tom slammed the door in mary's face .
tom stayed in boston for three days .
tom took care of the kids yesterday .
tom wanted mary to meet his parents .
tom wants to borrow my car tomorrow .
tom was impatient to see mary again .
tom was trying to control his anger .
tom will be here in fifteen minutes .
tom would never go there by himself .
tom would've been very proud of you .
tom's eyes were glued to the screen .
tom's friends tried to cheer him up .
two families live in the same house .
two glasses of orange juice , please .
two people say they heard a gunshot .
unfortunately , i missed all the fun .
was your family with you last month ?
we are going to climb that mountain .
we can't choose who our parents are .
we can't keep this a secret forever .
we had a heated discussion about it .
we had a short vacation in february .
we have been waiting here for hours .
we have four classes in the morning .
we have had little snow this winter .
we have three trees in our backyard .
we have to be careful with expenses .
we have to be prepared for anything .
we heard the boy playing the violin .
we invited ten couples to the party .
we managed to swim across the river .
we must have faith in the president .
we need something a bit more subtle .
we need to find an effective method .
we need to take this very seriously .
we sat face to face with executives .
we should always try to help others .
we should make use of atomic energy .
we should talk calmly to each other .
we talked about a variety of topics .
we want to take your blood pressure .
we went on talking about the matter .
we were crowded into the small room .
we were obliged to abandon our plan .
we will visit our teacher next week .
we'll try even harder the next time .
we're going to do everything we can .
we've already sent a message to tom .
we've got a really big problem here .
were there any glasses on the table ?
whales are similar to fish in shape .
what are the dimensions of the room ?
what are you doing with these dolls ?
what are you getting so upset about ?
what are your plans for the weekend ?
what books have you read in english ?
what did tom give you for christmas ?
what do you feel like doing tonight ?
what do you think about this outfit ?
what do you think of his suggestion ?
what happens if i press this button ?
what he said could possibly be true .
what is this fish called in english ?
what on earth are you talking about ?
what part of australia are you from ?
what time does the next train leave ?
what was the cause of the explosion ?
what were you and tom talking about ?
what would the world do without tea ?
what's the most fun you've ever had ?
whatever can go wrong will go wrong .
when did you begin to learn english ?
when did you come back from germany ?
when will the new magazine come out ?
when will you get through with work ?
when would it be convenient for you ?
where did you get that orange scarf ?
where is the entrance to the museum ?
wherever you go , you'll be welcomed .
which plan do you believe is better ?
who taught her how to speak english ?
who's the girl in a yellow raincoat ?
why are we still talking about this ?
why did you become a police officer ?
why didn't you tell me that earlier ?
why don't we start at the beginning ?
why don't you play something for me ?
why don't you sing something for me ?
why would anyone do that on purpose ?
will you give me something to drink ?
will you lend your dictionary to me ?
would you like another piece of pie ?
would you like to have another beer ?
would you mind telling me one thing ?
would you please fill out this form ?
would you please show me that skirt ?
would you speak more slowly , please ?
wouldn't you like to drink some tea ?
you are responsible for what you do .
you can have this watch for nothing .
you can't be too careful these days .
you can't buy it anywhere but there .
you don't have to do it immediately .
you don't need millions to be happy .
you don't need to flatter your boss .
you don't need to suffer in silence .
you don't realize how lucky you are .
you have such beautiful , hazel eyes .
you have the right to remain silent .
you have to choose your own destiny .
you have to learn how to compromise .
you like classical music , don't you ?
you may bring whoever wants to come .
you must think i'm a complete idiot .
you need to focus on your strengths .
you ought to have been more careful .
you should have taken a chance then .
you should have told me that before .
you should not leave the baby alone .
you should turn off your cell phone .
you won't believe who came by today .
you'll find the book in the library .
you're kind of cute when you're mad .
you're too clever for your own good .
you've barely said a word all night .
you've got to take care of yourself .
your advice is always helpful to me .
your name and flight number , please ?
your name was dropped from the list .
a calamity was avoided by sheer luck .
a crowd collected to watch the fight .
a gentleman is always kind to others .
a gentleman wouldn't do such a thing .
a girl drowned in the pond yesterday .
a heavy rain prevented me from going .
a hideous monster used to live there .
a lot of tourists invaded the island .
a problem shared is a problem halved .
a river runs down through the valley .
a sleeping child looks like an angel .
a team is composed of eleven players .
a truck was careering along the road .
after lunch we have two more classes .
all journeys begin with a first step .
all of these meetings are in english .
always being honest is no easy thing .
arabic is written from right to left .
are all of these people your friends ?
are there enough chairs to go around ?
are there many flowers in the garden ?
are we allowed to take pictures here ?
are you going to the theater tonight ?
are you thinking about getting a job ?
ask at the police station over there .
be careful or you'll strip the gears .
brush your teeth before going to bed .
butter and cheese are made from milk .
by hard work we can achieve anything .
can i tell you something about women ?
can they give you something for that ?
can you please pass me the newspaper ?
can you please translate this for me ?
can you will yourself to fall asleep ?
children play in this park every day .
china is the biggest country in asia .
china is the largest country in asia .
close the window before going to bed .
coffee will be served after the meal .
contact me if you have any questions .
do this work by tomorrow if possible .
do you come to this restaurant often ?
do you have plans for tomorrow night ?
do you know who painted this picture ?
do you know why they stopped talking ?
do you spend much time writing email ?
do you think tom knows what happened ?
do you think he resembles his father ?
do you think they're coming after us ?
do you think we'll have good weather ?
do you think you'll be here tomorrow ?
do your homework before you watch tv .
doesn't it sometimes just get to you ?
don't be afraid of seeing the doctor .
don't carry more money than you need .
don't forget to take out the garbage .
don't keep me waiting here like this .
don't let them tell you you're crazy .
don't open your umbrella in the hall .
don't worry about such a silly thing .
don't worry . everything will be fine .
don't worry . they will be supervised .
don't worry . this won't happen again .
don't you have anything better to do ?
don't you know how beautiful you are ?
eating too much may lead to sickness .
english is spoken all over the world .
even without makeup , she's very cute .
everybody says i look like my father .
everybody wants to live a happy life .
everything i own is in this suitcase .
flowers die if they don't have water .
for further information , see page 16 .
generally , men are taller than women .
god created the heaven and the earth .
god knows we did everything we could .
hand in your homework by next monday .
have you been told about the problem ?
have you been working there for long ?
have you solved all the problems yet ?
have you written in your diary today ?
he acquired french when he was young .
he admonished his son for being lazy .
he believed that the earth was round .
he blamed others for his own failure .
he can play both tennis and baseball .
he carried the suitcases to our room .
he couldn't come because he was sick .
he couldn't have put it more plainly .
he elbowed his way through the crowd .
he finally decided to propose to her .
he finds fault with everything i say .
he finds faults with everything i do .
he finished it as quick as lightning .
he forgot to give back my dictionary .
he goes to mass every sunday morning .
he got injured in a traffic accident .
he had his secretary type the report .
he had three sons who became lawyers .
he has a basket full of strawberries .
he has a hard time remembering names .
he has brought shame upon his family .
he invented an excuse for being late .
he is an authority on the humanities .
he is making preparations for a trip .
he is used to walking long distances .
he is very particular about his food .
he knows a lot about foreign affairs .
he left his daughter a great fortune .
he left his wife an enormous fortune .
he lost himself quickly in the crowd .
he mistook me for my younger brother .
he often eats out on saturday nights .
he presented an argument for the war .
he pushed her into the swimming pool .
he puts aside some money every month .
he puts ten dollars aside every week .
he selected a christmas gift for her .
he shoved the letter into his pocket .
he showed his photograph album to me .
he sometimes ate out with his family .
he tried to unify the various groups .
he trimmed his beard for the wedding .
he wanted to teach english at school .
he was always drinking in those days .
he was brought up by her grandmother .
he was impatient to see his daughter .
he was snoring loudly while he slept .
he was standing at the street corner .
he went to america to study medicine .
he went to school to study yesterday .
he will play tennis with his friends .
he wiped his hands on a handkerchief .
he wiped the sweat from his forehead .
he's not going to visit you tomorrow .
he's nothing more than a common thug .
her mother is a most beautiful woman .
her youngest child is five years old .
his behavior really got on my nerves .
his dog follows him wherever he goes .
his essay was full of original ideas .
his house is near the subway station .
his laptop is already five years old .
his mother is worried sick about him .
his story is well worth listening to .
his way of thinking is very childish .
his wounded leg began to bleed again .
hopefully , tom will get into harvard .
how are you getting along these days ?
how long are you planning on staying ?
how long can a dead language survive ?
how long will this cold weather last ?
how long will this nice weather last ?
how many calories have you had today ?
how many of your friends have beards ?
how many people are still down there ?
how many students are there in total ?
how much did you pay the electrician ?
how often do you check your messages ?
how often do you see your godparents ?
how would you like your steak cooked ?
i already bought my ticket to boston .
i always get nervous in her presence .
i always wonder what happened to him .
i am not interested in material gain .
i appreciate what you've done for me .
i appreciate your efforts to help me .
i arrived here at eight this morning .
i attempted to swim across the river .
i attended the meeting on her behalf .
i believe in this method of teaching .
i bought it for about twelve dollars .
i can hardly understand what he says .
i can't believe i actually said that .
i can't believe i didn't get invited .
i can't believe i missed this before .
i can't believe i'm agreeing to this .
i can't believe i'm telling you this .
i can't believe that i'm really here .
i can't believe we're all still here .
i can't believe you would allow this .
i can't bring myself to eat anything .
i can't wait to visit my grandmother .
i didn't know you could speak french .
i didn't realize it until much later .
i don't believe it happened that way .
i don't feel like waiting any longer .
i don't have anything to write about .
i don't know anything about his past .
i don't know how this happened again .
i don't know much about this subject .
i don't know what to believe anymore .
i don't know what you're looking for .
i don't know what you're waiting for .
i don't like being treated like this .
i don't often get invited to parties .
i don't particularly want to do that .
i don't plan on telling you anything .
i don't see anybody else around here .
i don't see anything wrong with that .
i don't think it's my decision alone .
i don't think that's going to happen .
i don't think that's the whole story .
i don't usually burn incense at home .
i feel like i'm always being watched .
i feel like i've become someone else .
i feel quite at ease among strangers .
i figured you might change your mind .
i found it difficult to convince her .
i found something i thought i'd lost .
i had a bladder infection last month .
i had already left when they arrived .
i had the strangest dream last night .
i have a pretty tight schedule today .
i have a tight schedule this weekend .
i have never heard him speak english .
i have never seen a red refrigerator .
i have nothing particular to say now .
i have something urgent to attend to .
i have things to attend to elsewhere .
i have to speak with you immediately .
i have until tomorrow to finish this .
i have written down his phone number .
i haven't seen him since last sunday .
i hesitated about which road to take .
i hope we have fine weather tomorrow .
i hope you won't be too disappointed .
i hope you'll be very happy together .
i hope you'll both be happy together .
i intended to have finished the work .
i just can't help worrying about you .
i knew we should've stayed in boston .
i knew you wouldn't have enough time .
i know your older brother quite well .
i leave the matter to your judgement .
i love walking barefoot on the grass .
i must have made a mistake somewhere .
i must postpone going to the dentist .
i must remind you about your promise .
i never could hide anything from you .
i never thought i'd ever get married .
i never thought they would accept me .
i no longer believe anything you say .
i often do my homework before dinner .
i only read the first three chapters .
i only want what's best for everyone .
i ordered two teas and three coffees .
i passed the test with flying colors .
i pretended that it didn't bother me .
i recommend that you read that novel .
i returned the knife that i borrowed .
i saw some monkeys climbing the tree .
i should probably not have done that .
i shouldn't have stayed up all night .
i stayed home because it was raining .
i suddenly thought of my dead mother .
i suppose i asked too many questions .
i suppose i shouldn't have said that .
i think i just heard somebody scream .
i think death is preferable to shame .
i think it won't rain this afternoon .
i think we all know what's happening .
i think we'd better start over again .
i think you mentioned that last week .
i think you should drink some coffee .
i thought i'd prefer going by myself .
i thought you lived with your family .
i tried everything to keep him alive .
i used to listen to english programs .
i want to have a telephone installed .
i want to make sure nothing's broken .
i was a volunteer for two afternoons .
i was deeply impressed by his speech .
i was involved in a traffic accident .
i was more than a little embarrassed .
i watched tv for two hours yesterday .
i watched a swedish movie last night .
i will stand by you whatever happens .
i wish i could understand you better .
i won't be getting married this year .
i wonder if anything happened to him .
i worked hard all day long yesterday .
i would like the least expensive one .
i would rather not go shopping alone .
i wouldn't want to miss your concert .
i'd like to have these pants cleaned .
i'd rather do this without your help .
i'd rather stay home than go fishing .
i'd really rather be alone right now .
i'll be sixteen years old next month .
i'll leave it up to your imagination .
i'll see you tomorrow at the library .
i'll set the alarm for seven o'clock .
i'll take care of your child tonight .
i'll think about it over the weekend .
i'm afraid this data is not reliable .
i'm afraid you have the wrong number .
i'm going to boston for three months .
i'm going to see mary this afternoon .
i'm looking forward to the next time .
i'm not going to the movies tomorrow .
i'm on good terms with the neighbors .
i'm pleased with my new bathing suit .
i'm really surprised you got a prize .
i'm scheduled to have lunch with him .
i'm sorry that i didn't reply sooner .
i'm sorry , we're completely sold out .
i'm the one who picked those flowers .
i've always liked your hair that way .
i've asked you repeatedly to do that .
i've been doing this longer than you .
i've been looking for it all morning .
i've been on the phone all afternoon .
i've been to neither of those places .
i've broken enough rules for one day .
i've dealt with this store for years .
i've drunk way too much coffee today .
i've got one brother and two sisters .
i've just gotten home and had dinner .
i've made this trip a thousand times .
imagine that you have a time machine .
is it a military secret or something ?
is the museum visited by many people ?
is there a problem with your hearing ?
is there a reason that you're asking ?
is there anybody here you don't know ?
is there anyone living in that house ?
is there anything we need to discuss ?
is there much demand for these goods ?
is there something you wanted to say ?
isn't it about time for another beer ?
it appears that you are all mistaken .
it doesn't surprise me that you know .
it feels like i've known you forever .
it happened at a quarter past eleven .
it is completely out of the question .
it looks like you've lost ten pounds .
it must have rained during the night .
it was surprising that she said that .
it wasn't as expensive as i expected .
it's a gross distortion of the truth .
it's about four blocks from my house .
it's bound to happen sooner or later .
it's easy for monkeys to climb trees .
it's fun to learn a foreign language .
it's quite likely that he'll be late .
it's unlikely that our team will win .
japan is at peace with her neighbors .
japan is made up of volcanic islands .
kyoto is the former capital of japan .
lake towada is famous for its beauty .
let me help you with those groceries .
let's do this as quickly as possible .
let's go to the flea market tomorrow .
let's sit down and discuss it calmly .
let's try another place to eat today .
let's wait here until she comes back .
look up the words in your dictionary .
luck plays an important part in life .
luckily , the weather turned out fine .
many famous artists live in new york .
many of these things were not needed .
mary looked at herself in the mirror .
mary requested a raise from her boss .
may the new year bring you happiness !
mexico is a country in north america .
more and more people offered to help .
mother gets up earliest in my family .
my aunt grows tomatoes in her garden .
my daughter likes to play with dolls .
my father doesn't drink so much sake .
my friend remembered which way to go .
my mother is anxious about my future .
my mother seldom watches tv at night .
my sister often looks after the baby .
my son still believes in santa claus .
my teacher is a stickler for grammar .
my uncle lived abroad for many years .
my watch is more accurate than yours .
neither of the two answers are right .
new stamps will be issued next month .
night watchmen drink a lot of coffee .
no attention was paid to his warning .
no one i know writes letters anymore .
no one ever escapes from this prison .
no one's coming to our party tonight .
no wonder they turned down her offer .
no words can relieve her deep sorrow .
none of my classmates live near here .
nothing but peace can save the world .
one must do one's best in everything .
one of these eggs hasn't hatched yet .
our football team has a good defense .
our train went through a long tunnel .
patience is a rare virtue these days .
people are not always what they seem .
please come again in three days time .
please don't forget to shut the door .
please don't leave me here by myself .
please feel free to ask me questions .
please move your bicycle out of here .
please send me a picture of yourself .
please write your name with a pencil .
popularity has nothing to do with it .
rabid dogs usually foam at the mouth .
rain prevented us from taking a walk .
recently , i don't have much appetite .
salmon lay their eggs in fresh water .
seoul is the capitаl of south korea .
she accused me of stealing her money .
she advised him to get more exercise .
she advised him to keep his promises .
she advised him to take the medicine .
she advised him to visit that museum .
she advised him where he should stay .
she apologized to him for being late .
she complained to him about the food .
she couldn't convince him to go home .
she declared that she was not guilty .
she did not answer all the questions .
she disapproved of my trip to vienna .
she divided the cake between the two .
she doesn't need to go there herself .
she forced him to eat his vegetables .
she gave him something cold to drink .
she gives him everything he asks for .
she got a present from her boyfriend .
she got through her work before five .
she got very angry with her children .
she got very angry with the children .
she has been to hawaii several times .
she heard him sing his favorite song .
she ignored him until he became rich .
she ignored him , which proved unwise .
she invited us to her birthday party .
she is a very intelligent young lady .
she is always complaining of her job .
she is buying books in the bookstore .
she is devoted to her three children .
she is endowed with a special talent .
she is not ashamed of her misconduct .
she knows more than she's letting on .
she looked pleased with her new ring .
she panicked when she heard the news .
she passed by without glancing at me .
she prepared a wonderful meal for us .
she pulled her sweater over her head .
she really wanted to tell the secret .
she removed the papers from the desk .
she returned the book to the library .
she spoke scarcely a word of english .
she talked him into quitting his job .
she told him all about her childhood .
she tried to get whatever she wanted .
she used to play tennis every sunday .
she wanted to wash the dirty clothes .
she was close to breaking into tears .
she was only frightened , not injured .
she was satisfied with the new dress .
she was stupid enough to believe him .
she would often come late for school .
she's maxed out all her credit cards .
smoking does you more harm than good .
some were farmers , some were hunters .
someone must have left the door open .
someone stole my wallet on the train .
stock prices plunged to a record low .
take the elevator to the fifth floor .
thank you very much for your present .
that actress is as beautiful as ever .
that cheese is made from goat's milk .
that gold ring belonged to my mother .
that matter will take care of itself .
that old bridge is anything but safe .
that school looks just like a prison .
that shirt doesn't go with the pants .
that song reminds me of my childhood .
that's 20 % of the world's population .
that's tom's house with the red roof .
that's a horse of a different colour .
that's a really shallow thing to say .
that's an amazing distance , isn't it ?
that's not important for you to know .
that's what i'm supposed to be doing .
the mona lisa has an enigmatic smile .
the addict died from a drug overdose .
the apples he sent me were delicious .
the bank was run by private citizens .
the cancer has spread to her stomach .
the cat is playing with the children .
the child is sleeping on his stomach .
the child is suffering from the heat .
the children were sliding on the ice .
the church is just across the street .
the city was full of hungry soldiers .
the clouds are coming from the south .
the club has more than fifty members .
the collection is open to the public .
the day is getting longer and longer .
the dogs died inside the hot vehicle .
the door needs another coat of paint .
the economy of japan is still stable .
the electricity is off at the moment .
the first step is always the hardest .
the girl doesn't like to play soccer .
the human skull consists of 23 bones .
the hunter put ammunition in the gun .
the island was struck by the typhoon .
the king ruled the country for years .
the leaves of the tree turned yellow .
the man had something under his coat .
the meeting broke up at nine o'clock .
the plants were damaged by the frost .
the police could not control the mob .
the priest took the sick man's place .
the professor is making a phone call .
the protesters set many cars on fire .
the rain prevented me from going out .
the road was blocked by fallen rocks .
the roses in my garden are beautiful .
the roses in the garden are blooming .
the situation went from bad to worse .
the streets are lined with old shops .
the students are having a recess now .
the students are sitting in a circle .
the students of this school are kind .
the students seem to be sleepy today .
the students walked in a single file .
the subway entrance is on the corner .
the suspect began to confess at last .
the thieves made off with the jewels .
the two brothers are very much alike .
the two candidates are neck and neck .
the two families live under one roof .
the waiter went to get another glass .
the weather is very cold in istanbul .
the workers are against the new plan .
the workers took pride in their work .
the young worker was asked to resign .
their patience was about to give out .
there appears to have been a mistake .
there are fifty members in this club .
there are huge snakes on this island .
there are many rivers on that island .
there are no exceptions to this rule .
there are no flowers growing on mars .
there are rumors that he will resign .
there aren't as many trains at night .
there is a bus every fifteen minutes .
there is a cottage beyond the bridge .
there is a right time for everything .
there is no excuse for such behavior .
there is no telling what will happen .
there is nothing to do but apologize .
there was a bridge across each river .
there was no response to my question .
there was nothing he could have done .
there was nothing we could have done .
there's a black sheep in every flock .
there's nothing like a good hot bath .
there's nothing that can stop us now .
there's plenty of blame to go around .
there's plenty of food in the pantry .
there's someone i'd like you to meet .
there's something i have to tell you .
there's something i want to show you .
there's something i want you to know .
these kittens are so cute and cuddly .
these two have very little in common .
they asked for an increase of salary .
they asked me for something to drink .
they danced until six in the morning .
they didn't swim because it was cold .
they guarantee this clock for a year .
they made sure nobody could see them .
they made their way across the river .
they should have arrived home by now .
they showed the scene in slow motion .
they talked on the phone every night .
they usually go to school by bicycle .
they were on board the same airplane .
they were surprised by what they saw .
they will cut down on their expenses .
they're going to give me an estimate .
they're having a break at the moment .
this sunday is mother's day in spain .
this beach is a paradise for surfers .
this book is divided into four parts .
this cheese is made from goat's milk .
this clock loses three minutes a day .
this custom should be done away with .
this dictionary is not useful at all .
this doesn't make sense to me either .
this hotel is better than that hotel .
this house has triple – pane windows .
this is a book of children's stories .
this is a difficult problem to solve .
this is a matter of great importance .
this is a problem for elderly people .
this is the secret of true happiness .
this isn't the time for stupid jokes .
this mine will close down next month .
this park is a paradise for children .
this park reminds me of my childhood .
this place was bombed during the war .
this road curves gently to the right .
this room has space for fifty people .
this song reminds me of my childhood .
this vending machine is out of order .
those two children were the same age .
three more passengers got on the bus .
tobacco was one of their major crops .
tom always drinks tea in the morning .
tom and mary are really good friends .
tom and mary had a whirlwind romance .
tom and mary left the party together .
tom and mary really loved each other .
tom asked mary to watch the children .
tom asked mary whether she liked him .
tom bought three bottles of red wine .
tom clearly doesn't want to be there .
tom couldn't have done it any better .
tom doesn't need to worry about mary .
tom got into trouble because of mary .
tom grows all the vegetables he eats .
tom has a talent for modern painting .
tom has been called away on business .
tom is also very famous in australia .
tom is at his desk writing something .
tom is obsessed with power and money .
tom is proud of his stamp collection .
tom is usually much busier than mary .
tom isn't used to speaking in public .
tom kissed mary lightly on the cheek .
tom left his briefcase on the subway .
tom likes watching tv in the evening .
tom picked some berries and ate them .
tom plays the piano better than mary .
tom pressed his ear against the wall .
tom probably thought i was at school .
tom promised mary that he'd help her .
tom says he doesn't have any regrets .
tom says he never thought about that .
tom says you've never been to boston .
tom sits behind mary in french class .
tom took part in a promotional event .
tom took the scissors away from mary .
tom tried to drink his problems away .
tom undressed and got in the bathtub .
tom wanted mary to apologize to john .
tom wanted mary to sign his yearbook .
tom wants children , but mary doesn't .
tom wants to open his own restaurant .
tom was accused of doing sloppy work .
tom was caught selling drugs to kids .
tom washes his hair almost every day .
tom's dog isn't allowed in the house .
tom's last name is easy to pronounce .
too much drinking will make you sick .
try and do your homework by yourself .
we admired the beauty of the scenery .
we all live in the same neighborhood .
we are faced with a difficult choice .
we become forgetful as we grow older .
we can't just drive around all night .
we cannot live without air and water .
we complained that the room was cold .
we couldn't make out what she wanted .
we hardly have time to eat breakfast .
we have had few typhoons this autumn .
we have less than three minutes left .
we look forward to getting back home .
we must find a more efficient method .
we need another person to play cards .
we need somebody with bold new ideas .
we need to get some medical supplies .
we study english every day at school .
we were delayed by the heavy traffic .
we were not prepared for the assault .
we will have little snow this winter .
we would often talk about our future .
we'll be back after this short break .
we're going to be here all afternoon .
we're going to have to work together .
we're going to search the whole ship .
we're trying to cut down on expenses .
we've got to figure out what's wrong .
what are the main sights around here ?
what are the origins of the olympics ?
what are your plans for this weekend ?
what did you eat for lunch yesterday ?
what do you have planned for tonight ?
what do you think the audience wants ?
what exactly are they doing in there ?
what foods should a diabetic not eat ?
what is the total number of students ?
what language do they speak in egypt ?
what makes you think that isn't true ?
what time does the airport bus leave ?
what time does the first train leave ?
what was her answer to your proposal ?
what was the outcome of the election ?
what were you two doing there anyway ?
what's the fax number for this hotel ?
what's the nearest planet to the sun ?
whatever happens , you must keep calm .
when will her new novel be published ?
when will his new novel be published ?
where will you be this time tomorrow ?
who plays the keyboards in your band ?
who was absent from school last week ?
who was that who answered your phone ?
whose bicycle did you want to borrow ?
why are you asking so many questions ?
why didn't you listen to your father ?
why do our schools look like prisons ?
why don't you mind your own business ?
why don't you start at the beginning ?
why would you do something like that ?
won't you come to the party tomorrow ?
would you like another glass of wine ?
would you like another piece of cake ?
would you like to read this magazine ?
would you mind going over that again ?
would you mind looking after my kids ?
would you please keep the noise down ?
yesterday was the last day of school .
yesterday , a thief entered the house .
you are always finding fault with me .
you can't blame him for the accident .
you can't lift the piano by yourself .
you did not come to school yesterday .
you don't have to hide your feelings .
you don't need to answer that letter .
you don't need to reinvent the wheel .
you have to be prepared for anything .
you must pay attention to his advice .
you must show respect to your guests .
you never want to give anything away .
you promised me you'd look after tom .
you reach him by calling this number .
you should have kept your mouth shut .
you should have shown him the device .
you should put your ideas in writing .
you should try to write more legibly .
you worry about your weight too much .
you'd better be careful what you say .
you'll find it difficult to meet her .
you're lucky tom lent you some money .
you're the one i've been waiting for .
you're the one who planted that tree .
you're the same age as my girlfriend .
you've turned up at the right moment .
your dress is already out of fashion .
your dress is touching the wet paint .
your shoes don't go with that outfit .
your wallet is on the television set .
a blood vessel burst inside his brain .
a clear conscience is the best pillow .
a cucumber is related to a watermelon .
a dog is sometimes a dangerous animal .
a fire broke out after the earthquake .
a number of students are absent today .
a teenager sometimes acts like a baby .
acid rain is not a natural phenomenon .
afterwards , he assumed a new identity .
all of my friends like computer games .
all of the students stood up together .
almost all the students know about it .
america did away with slavery in 1863 .
americans have the right to bear arms .
are they the people you saw yesterday ?
are you suggesting it's a design flaw ?
are you sure you didn't hear anything ?
armenian is an indo - european language .
as always , you have understood poorly !
be careful not to say anything stupid .
bill gates is the world's richest man .
botany deals with the study of plants .
both of the brothers are still living .
business was a little slow last month .
can i borrow your tennis racket today ?
can i go horseback riding next sunday ?
can we forget that this just happened ?
can you think of anyone more suitable ?
chances are the bill will be rejected .
change trains at chicago for new york .
classes start at eight in the morning .
contact her if you have any questions .
could you put this bag somewhere else ?
could you speak as slowly as possible ?
delivery is not included in the price .
did anyone visit me during my absence ?
did you crash your car into something ?
did you feel an earthquake last night ?
did you recognize any of those people ?
do you feel giving gifts is important ?
do you know how the accident happened ?
do you know of any inexpensive stores ?
do you know who invented this machine ?
do you know whose handwriting this is ?
do you let your children drink coffee ?
do you sometimes study in the library ?
do you think this plan is unrealistic ?
do you understand what the problem is ?
don't crack a nut with a sledgehammer .
don't distract me while i am studying .
don't dwell too much upon the subject .
don't forget that tom still loves you .
don't forget to bring your student id .
don't forget to drink plenty of water .
don't forget to put on some sunscreen .
don't interrupt me while i am talking .
don't just stand there , say something .
don't rely too much on your guidebook .
don't talk to him while he's studying .
don't you get bored when you're alone ?
don't you think we'd better stay here ?
english is studied all over the world .
everyone is waiting in the other room .
everyone was friendly to the new girl .
farmers are busy working in the field .
four is an unlucky number in japanese .
guacamole is a dip made from avocados .
have you ever done any volunteer work ?
have you ever had any serious illness ?
have you started reading the book yet ?
he acknowledged me by lifting his hat .
he always makes cynical remarks to me .
he always sings while taking a shower .
he asked me whether anybody was there .
he attempted to swim across the river .
he attributed his failure to bad luck .
he attributes his poverty to bad luck .
he bicyled to the beach every weekend .
he came to see me yesterday afternoon .
he dedicated his life to medical work .
he didn't know how to express himself .
he discussed the problem with his son .
he drinks his coffee black every time .
he gave his children a good education .
he handed the letter to the secretary .
he has access to the american embassy .
he has built up an excellent business .
he impressed me with his magic tricks .
he is planning to launch his business .
he is well read in english literature .
he jumped from one subject to another .
he lost his eyesight in that accident .
he managed to escape through a window .
he objected to my going out yesterday .
he often sits up late writing letters .
he parked his car behind the building .
he pretends that he's a stranger here .
he pushed his nose against the window .
he seemed to know everything about me .
he showed me his collection of stamps .
he spoke too quickly for the students .
he talks as though he knew everything .
he took up gardening after he retired .
he traveled to hawaii with the family .
he was involved in a traffic accident .
he was walking slowly down the street .
he'll do anything to score some drugs .
he'll know the secret sooner or later .
he's a famous popular singer in japan .
he's a leading authority in his field .
he's about to finish reading the book .
he's not allowed to leave the country .
he's old enough to be her grandfather .
his accent suggests he is a foreigner .
his anger towards me has not softened .
his chances of being elected are good .
his ideas are based on his experience .
his parents go to church every sunday .
his secretary seems to know the truth .
his story was published in a magazine .
his teacher should be strict with him .
honesty is not always the best policy .
how can i prevent this from happening ?
how could you say something like that ?
how did you arrive at this conclusion ?
how does your opinion differ from his ?
how many eggs could you get yesterday ?
how many other people know about this ?
how many people were aboard that ship ?
how much is the annual membership fee ?
i actually haven't been to boston yet .
i agree with everything you just said .
i already have plans for this weekend .
i always thought tom would outlive me .
i always wondered what that noise was .
i am uncomfortable in these new shoes .
i am very interested in these stories .
i am worried about my mother's health .
i apologize for the delay in replying .
i arrived safe and sound this morning .
i ate a hamburger and ordered another .
i bet you're wondering how this works .
i borrowed the book from this library .
i borrowed this comic from his sister .
i bought her a nice christmas present .
i called my neighbors over for dinner .
i can hardly imagine him going abroad .
i can speak neither french nor german .
i can't believe i'm agreeing with you .
i can't believe i'm not getting fired .
i can't believe how beautiful you are .
i can't believe that that just worked .
i can't believe this is all happening .
i can't believe you actually did that .
i can't do it without somebody's help .
i can't stand listening to loud music .
i couldn't have done it better myself .
i didn't know you were seeing someone .
i didn't mean to give that impression .
i didn't really think it would happen .
i didn't want to postpone our meeting .
i do remember the incident quite well .
i don't believe i'm listening to this .
i don't care for television very much .
i don't consider this to be important .
i don't even have a single girlfriend .
i don't expect you to understand this .
i don't feel like watching tv tonight .
i don't have to answer your questions .
i don't know everybody in this school .
i don't know what we're talking about .
i don't know who you're talking about .
i don't mean to challenge your theory .
i don't recall asking for your advice .
i don't remember being given a choice .
i don't see how this changes anything .
i don't think she would understand it .
i don't think you really believe that .
i don't want anybody writing about me .
i don't want you eating between meals .
i feel like having some pizza tonight .
i feel uneasy in my father's presence .
i finally went to england this summer .
i forgot how beautiful this place was .
i had a strange experience last night .
i had forgotten how beautiful you are .
i had half a grapefruit for breakfast .
i had some work that needed finishing .
i hate being alone on valentine's day .
i have a different opinion than yours .
i have found your dirty little secret .
i have to replace the radio's battery .
i haven't been eating out much lately .
i haven't done this since high school .
i haven't seen anything of him lately .
i heard that tom doesn't speak french .
i inspired my students to work harder .
i just did what anybody would've done .
i just don't like getting left behind .
i knew tom would accept my invitation .
i knew it was just a misunderstanding .
i know someone who speaks french well .
i know what those situations are like .
i like to drink natural mineral water .
i liked them before they were popular .
i love collecting stones at the beach .
i love to watch baseball and football .
i marked your birthday on my calendar .
i never should've broken up with mary .
i never thought you'd become a doctor .
i obtained the painting at an auction .
i only have butter in my refrigerator .
i only speak a smattering of japanese .
i prefer traveling by train to flying .
i really appreciate you picking me up .
i really don't want to disappoint tom .
i really enjoy spending time with you .
i really should finish this right now .
i should've taken an umbrella with me .
i shouldn't have gone there by myself .
i spent three hours repairing the car .
i still think tom is hiding something .
i study french in addition to english .
i think tom didn't tell us everything .
i think he's hiding something from me .
i think his opinion is very important .
i think you misunderstood what i said .
i think you're just wasting your time .
i thought i wouldn't know the answers .
i thought we could get together later .
i thought we had a great relationship .
i thought we'd worry about that later .
i thought you didn't care about money .
i thought you might like some company .
i thought you'd be disappointed in me .
i thought you'd be interested in this .
i took my temperature every six hours .
i understand how to solve the problem .
i used to believe everything you said .
i was deeply impressed by the scenery .
i was entirely ignorant of the matter .
i was greatly impressed by the speech .
i was more than a little disappointed .
i was thinking exactly the same thing .
i was welcomed whenever i visited him .
i went to elementary school in nagoya .
i will probably get up early tomorrow .
i would act differently in your place .
i would like to address two questions .
i would rather go today than tomorrow .
i'd be unhappy if that happened again .
i'd like to check your blood pressure .
i'd like to talk about your situation .
i'd like to thank everyone who helped .
i'd never met tom before this morning .
i'd prefer that you stay home tonight .
i'll be happy to answer your question .
i'll call you right after the meeting .
i'll give you back the money tomorrow .
i'll make an exception just this once .
i'll put you through to the president .
i'll see you at nine tomorrow morning .
i'll speak to anyone at extension 214 .
i'm beginning to feel a little sleepy .
i'm beginning to feel guilty about it .
i'm going away for the summer holiday .
i'm going to hide somewhere near here .
i'm going to play tennis this evening .
i'm growing tired of all this arguing .
i'm not feeling very hungry right now .
i'm not going to study french anymore .
i'm now officially part of this group .
i'm sorry . i have another appointment .
i'm staying over at my friend's place .
i'm sure the children are getting big .
i'm waiting for a very important call .
i've been asked to become the manager .
i've got everything i need right here .
i've had enough of your snide remarks .
i've heard this story scores of times .
i've learned to think like tom thinks .
i've never stolen anything in my life .
ice covers the lake during the winter .
is japanese taught in your school now ?
is the movie theater near the station ?
is there any likelihood of his coming ?
is there anything i should know about ?
it is difficult to solve this problem .
it is doubtful whether this will work .
it isn't easy to understand his ideas .
it seems less crowded during the week .
it was my first night among strangers .
it's best to put covers on paperbacks .
it's getting light . morning is coming .
it's hard to learn a foreign language .
it's hard to talk about your feelings .
it's not easy to understand his ideas .
it's one of the basic human instincts .
it's only ten minutes' walk from here .
it's ten minutes' walk to the station .
it's very likely that he'll be chosen .
it's your turn to answer the question .
japan imports a large quantity of oil .
job security is a priority over wages .
king solomon was known for his wisdom .
kyoto was the former capital of japan .
let's continue from where we left off .
let's not go to that restaurant again .
let's take up this matter after lunch .
look up the phrase in your dictionary .
look up these words in the dictionary .
many goods are now transported by air .
many people spend more than they earn .
many people were late for the concert .
maybe we should talk about this first .
maybe you should just leave tom alone .
maybe your earring is under the table .
most girls think that they are pretty .
most of the policemen lost their jobs .
most young people have a mobile phone .
my birthday falls on friday this year .
my boy can't do addition properly yet .
my father doesn't drink too much sake .
my father doesn't eat fruit that much .
my father knows your mother very well .
my glasses keep slipping down my nose .
my grandfather is very hard to please .
my grandfather was wounded in the war .
my grandparents had a house in boston .
my idea is quite different from yours .
my mother gets up early every morning .
my mother grows flowers in her garden .
my premonition turned out to be right .
my schedule is really tight right now .
my uncle is an amateur cricket player .
my vision is getting worse these days .
napoleon was banished to elba in 1814 .
no doubt he will pass the examination .
no one lives in that building anymore .
nobody was able to suggest a solution .
none of their promises have been kept .
old people need something to live for .
one of the aircraft's engines cut out .
only four horses competed in the race .
our city is getting bigger and bigger .
our feud traces back to our childhood .
people don't buy milk from this store .
people who break the law are punished .
ping pong is also called table tennis .
please don't distract me from my work .
please find a solution to the problem .
please give my regards to your father .
please handle it with the utmost care .
please make three copies of each page .
please put your baggage on this scale .
please sign your name on the contract .
promise me you'll never do that again .
rigor mortis sets in soon after death .
she accused him of stealing her money .
she always says nice things about him .
she always takes care of her children .
she came back soon after five o'clock .
she changed her schedule to match his .
she complained to him about the noise .
she couldn't come because he was sick .
she decided not to attend the meeting .
she divided the cake into five pieces .
she expected him to solve the problem .
she had to choose her words carefully .
she has always been a popular actress .
she has not finished her homework yet .
she herself gave him something to eat .
she is collecting material for a book .
she left here long before you arrived .
she likes nobody and nobody likes her .
she nodded in response to my question .
she really hates this way of thinking .
she removed the dishes from the table .
she spends her free time making dolls .
she stacked the trays in the cupboard .
she takes care of many elderly people .
she urged him to consider the request .
she was a wakahata before she married .
she was brought up by her grandmother .
she was fond of talking about herself .
she was hungry enough to eat anything .
she was impatient to know his address .
she was watching the dead leaves fall .
she went to germany to study medicine .
she went to italy to study literature .
she will soon clear away these dishes .
smoking is not permitted on the train .
smoking is really bad for your health .
some children are swimming in the sea .
some people are working in the fields .
someone has taken my shoes by mistake .
someone has walked off with my pencil .
someone should notify the next of kin .
spain has been a democracy since 1975 .
speak louder so everyone can hear you .
step forward and make room for others .
talking in the library is not allowed .
tell me again when the concert begins .
that actually seems to be the problem .
that child wants someone to play with .
that dress seems to be very expensive .
that girl is more cute than beautiful .
that's happened to me plenty of times .
that's the only appliance that i have .
that's what you get for not listening .
that's when i decided to quit talking .
the germans are in favor of austerity .
the airplane took off ten minutes ago .
the apricot trees are in full blossom .
the book is now ready for publication .
the bus stopped to pick up passengers .
the butcher cut up the calf's carcass .
the cherry blossoms are at their best .
the cherry blossoms are in full bloom .
the coffin was loaded into the hearse .
the college accepted him as a student .
the company wants to employ 20 people .
the couple decided to adopt an orphan .
the enemy destroyed many of our ships .
the farmer sowed his field with wheat .
the flowers in the vase are beautiful .
the garden was full of yellow flowers .
the girl is skillful with her fingers .
the horse stopped and refused to move .
the ice will crack beneath our weight .
the island is a paradise for children .
the lake supplies the city with water .
the lawyers argued the case for hours .
the mayor denied having taken a bribe .
the meaning of this letter is unclear .
the parcel weighs more than one pound .
the path zigzagged up the steep slope .
the police are looking for the robber .
the police didn't book tom for murder .
the post office is the brown building .
the princess lay with her eyes closed .
the restaurant is on the ground floor .
the ship was flying the american flag .
the sidewalks were wet after the rain .
the snow melted away when spring came .
the storm prevented us from going out .
the students could not give an answer .
the sun sank slowly below the horizon .
the suspect was innocent of the crime .
the thief snuck in through the window .
the tower leaned slightly to the left .
the train was ten minutes behind time .
the weather has been good until today .
the work must be finished before noon .
the world economy is in recession now .
their names were crossed off the list .
there are few mistakes in your report .
there are some things money can't buy .
there is no advantage in staying here .
there isn't much furniture in my room .
there was nothing you could have done .
there were fifty entries for the race .
there were no computers in the office .
there weren't any roses in the garden .
there's a good chance that he'll come .
there's almost no water in the bucket .
there's no reason to change our plans .
there's no telling what he'll do next .
there's no use crying over spilt milk .
there's nobody on this ship except us .
there's really nothing more we can do .
there's still some room in the closet .
these books and clothes are all yours .
they agreed to elect him as president .
they are satisfied with the new house .
they call each other almost every day .
they cheated the workers out of money .
they had their arms around each other .
they have been married for four years .
they have four classes in the morning .
they just want someone they can blame .
they made their way through the crowd .
they saw little need for labor unions .
they stayed at a very expensive hotel .
they talked about it on the telephone .
they went to the public swimming pool .
they were left to fend for themselves .
they were members of the middle class .
things were never the same after that .
this bag is both good and inexpensive .
this bird can imitate the human voice .
this book is only published in french .
this book is very popular among women .
this cloth is really smooth and silky .
this custom dates from the edo period .
this dictionary is as useful as yours .
this gate allows access to the garden .
this is tom's third trip to australia .
this is an effective remedy for crime .
this is different from what i thought .
this is the perfect father's day gift .
this is the perfect mother's day gift .
this is the picture that mary painted .
this just might come in handy someday .
this may be research my secretary did .
this offer is available for five days .
this passport is valid for five years .
this question is too difficult for me .
this sentence is in the present tense .
this ticket is valid for three months .
this will be a very dangerous mission .
tom and mary are unbeatable at tennis .
tom and mary came to an understanding .
tom and mary look very happy together .
tom bought a present for his daughter .
tom couldn't tell mary what he'd seen .
tom didn't calm down until much later .
tom didn't like the concert very much .
tom didn't offer me anything to drink .
tom didn't show up for work yesterday .
tom doesn't know how much mary weighs .
tom doesn't know who the president is .
tom doesn't want mary to get involved .
tom doesn't want to see anybody today .
tom filled out the application for me .
tom has actually never been to boston .
tom has been absent since last monday .
tom has been retired for twenty years .
tom has confidence in his own ability .
tom has far more experience than mary .
tom has never been absent from school .
tom has never kissed anyone in public .
tom hasn't read the morning paper yet .
tom hopes to visit boston next summer .
tom is good at making paper airplanes .
tom is sitting in the conference room .
tom is the one who doesn't understand .
tom isn't good at hiding his emotions .
tom isn't much of a basketball player .
tom kept mary waiting for three hours .
tom knows he shouldn't have said that .
tom might not have a driver's license .
tom offered mary a glass of champagne .
tom probably thought i wasn't at home .
tom promised to clean the living room .
tom rarely leaves the house on monday .
tom said he won three hundred dollars .
tom was heartbroken when his dog died .
tom went outside to smoke a cigarette .
tom would describe the house as small .
tom's doctor told him to quit smoking .
turn left at the second traffic light .
twelve people have walked on the moon .
wait until the light changes to green .
walking is a healthy form of exercise .
was there anything wrong with the car ?
wasn't it supposed to snow last night ?
we all wish for permanent world peace .
we are all convinced of his innocence .
we are hoping for your quick recovery .
we chopped our way through the jungle .
we couldn't stop him from hitting her .
we got involved in a traffic accident .
we had a slight difference of opinion .
we have no idea about his whereabouts .
we have till tomorrow night to decide .
we have to paint the bathroom ceiling .
we haven't been paid for three months .
we haven't known each other very long .
we haven't laid off any employees yet .
we haven't seen each other since then .
we never learned what happened or why .
we ordered some new books from abroad .
we organized a farewell party for her .
we should know the result by thursday .
we should take his youth into account .
we should've warned tom of the danger .
we spent more money than was expected .
we stayed home because it was raining .
we took strong measures to prevent it .
we want to break off this negotiation .
we'll have to make some tough choices .
we're just about finished for the day .
we've been invited to a costume party .
we've made plenty of money doing this .
we've seen this happen too many times .
what are we having for dinner tonight ?
what are you up to tomorrow afternoon ?
what brand of cigarettes do you smoke ?
what could they possibly want from us ?
what do you have against those people ?
what do you think this sentence means ?
what happened ? the car's slowing down .
what is the language spoken in brazil ?
what languages do they speak in korea ?
what makes you think he's tom jackson ?
what should they do in this situation ?
what would the world be without women ?
what'll you be doing over the weekend ?
what's the name of the mountain range ?
what's the weather like where you are ?
what's wrong with the way i'm dressed ?
what's your favorite song to dance to ?
when he spoke , everyone became silent .
when will your new novel be published ?
where did you find that strange thing ?
where do the airport buses leave from ?
where have all these people come from ?
where were you when the fire occurred ?
whether he comes or not is irrelevant .
why don't you return to your quarters ?
why don't you run for student council ?
why would somebody want to live there ?
why wouldn't you listen to his advice ?
would you like another glass of water ?
would you like to have lunch together ?
would you mind turning down the radio ?
wouldn't you rather sit by the window ?
you can't judge people by their looks .
you can't keep doing this to yourself .
you didn't give me the correct change .
you don't have to take an examination .
you had better prepare for the future .
you look just like your older brother .
you must always keep your hands clean .
you must certainly be very hungry now .
you must learn from your own mistakes .
you ought to have seen the exhibition .
you said that you were here yesterday .
you should have come a little earlier .
you should have completed it long ago .
you should make good on your promises .
you should pay attention to his story .
you should start as early as possible .
you shouldn't read in such poor light .
you'll break it if you're not careful .
you'll have to study harder next year .
you've been following me , haven't you ?
you've been there before , haven't you ?
you've gotta get over there right now .
your mother is worried sick about you .
your pitching is far superior to mine .
your voice sounds very familiar to me .
a few people clapped after his lecture .
a gigantic bird came flying toward him .
a soldier often has to confront danger .
all of the tree's leaves turned yellow .
all the flowers in the garden withered .
all the villagers know of the accident .
almost all of tom's friends are famous .
an athlete must keep in good condition .
an old man broke into our conversation .
are those the people you saw yesterday ?
are you telling me you're not involved ?
biting your fingernails is a bad habit .
black coats are in fashion this winter .
blue lines on the map designate rivers .
can i tell you something very personal ?
can this possibly be the right address ?
can we create something out of nothing ?
can you explain how this machine works ?
coal and natural gas are natural fuels .
could you please call me back tomorrow ?
could you please overlook it this time ?
could you speak a little louder please ?
despite his riches , he's not contented .
detroit is famous for its car industry .
didn't i lend you some money yesterday ?
discretion is the better part of valor .
do japanese people eat sushi every day ?
do both tom and mary understand french ?
do you know anything about your family ?
do you remember what you were watching ?
do you think it'll rain this afternoon ?
do you think the situation can improve ?
doctors were called to the white house .
does tom really deserve to be punished ?
does anybody here have a bottle opener ?
does anybody know how the fire started ?
does that price include soup and salad ?
don't come in my room without knocking .
don't forget to charge your cell phone .
don't handle my books with dirty hands .
don't judge a person by his appearance .
don't let this opportunity pass you by .
don't touch this with your dirty hands .
everyone in the class climbed the hill .
everyone thought we were going to lose .
everyone was pushing , trying to escape .
evidently , it's going to rain tomorrow .
express yourself as clearly as you can .
fill in the blanks with suitable words .
friendship is the most precious of all .
have you ever argued with your manager ?
have you ever argued with your parents ?
have you ever eaten at that restaurant ?
have you ever eaten at this restaurant ?
have you ever gotten a speeding ticket ?
having finished lunch , we went skating .
he accelerated his car and overtook me .
he acknowledged my presence with a nod .
he acquired education late in his life .
he adjusted the telescope to his sight .
he attributed his success to good luck .
he attributes his success to good luck .
he believes in the existence of ghosts .
he came to meet me yesterday afternoon .
he chose three beautiful roses for her .
he compared the copy with the original .
he despised those who lived on welfare .
he didn't specify when he would return .
he expressed his belief in her honesty .
he is accustomed to speaking in public .
he is always finding fault with others .
he is making great progress in english .
he is planning to develop his business .
he is suffering from a serious illness .
he is totally dependent on his parents .
he kissed his daughter on the forehead .
he knows how to captivate his audience .
he likes watching baseball games on tv .
he makes the most of his opportunities .
he offered more than could be expected .
he quarrels with every person he knows .
he realized the magnitude of his crime .
he remembers writing to her every week .
he solved all those problems with ease .
he speaks english with a german accent .
he still hasn't responded to my letter .
he studies hardest of all the students .
he thoughtfully gave me a helping hand .
he threatened to take everything i own .
he turned his attention to the picture .
he visited japan when he was president .
he wants to participate in the contest .
he was convicted on trumped up charges .
he was transported to a local hospital .
he's a professor of biology at harvard .
he's a singer that's loved by everyone .
he's been divorced for 2 years already .
he's had some very good results lately .
her beauty exposed her to many dangers .
his bicycle is different from this one .
his daughter has become a pretty woman .
his doctor advised him to quit smoking .
his memory never ceases to astonish me .
his name is very difficult to remember .
his request was equivalent to an order .
history is more complex than you think .
how did you spend your winter vacation ?
how do you usually spend your weekends ?
how have you been getting along lately ?
how many counties are there in florida ?
how many pockets does that jacket have ?
i always buy expensive items on credit .
i appreciate your trying to protect me .
i ate absolutely nothing the whole day .
i can feel my pulse quickening already .
i can give you some useful information .
i can't afford to buy another computer .
i can't believe you actually said that .
i can't conceive of living without him .
i can't continue to ignore the problem .
i can't deal with this problem anymore .
i can't forget about that stupid movie .
i can't imagine life on another planet .
i decided to subscribe to the magazine .
i didn't answer any of tom's questions .
i didn't take part in the conversation .
i didn't want to disappoint my parents .
i don't believe i'm even standing here .
i don't feel like doing anything today .
i don't have enough money to advertise .
i don't intend to answer any questions .
i don't know anything about the future .
i don't know what you're interested in .
i don't know what you're talking about .
i don't recall asking for your opinion .
i don't understand what you are saying .
i don't want anything happening to you .
i don't want you to overexert yourself .
i finished reading the book last night .
i finished writing a letter in english .
i found it necessary to get assistance .
i guess you didn't quite understand me .
i have attached a microsoft excel file .
i have brought his umbrella by mistake .
i have every confidence in his ability .
i have many esperanto - speaking friends .
i have something important to tell you .
i haven't completely given up the idea .
i haven't eaten vegetables for a month .
i haven't finished all my homework yet .
i haven't seen these pictures in years .
i hope that's not what really happened .
i interpreted her silence as a refusal .
i knew tom would do something romantic .
i know what you did wasn't intentional .
i lost my wallet somewhere around here .
i need more information on this matter .
i never should've told tom my password .
i often study while listening to music .
i prefer french films to american ones .
i promise this will never happen again .
i promised my parents i wouldn't drink .
i realize i'm just stating the obvious .
i really appreciate you helping me out .
i received a letter written in english .
i remember mentioning it once or twice .
i sent mary flowers on valentine's day .
i suggested that the plan be postponed .
i think what you're doing is dangerous .
i thought the concert went pretty well .
i thought we talked about this already .
i thought you didn't believe in ghosts .
i thought you should see this contract .
i truly do not understand the question .
i want to tell you something important .
i was thinking about getting a divorce .
i will finish it by tomorrow afternoon .
i will visit you tomorrow without fail .
i wish winter vacation would never end .
i'd like to apologize for this morning .
i'd like to discuss something with you .
i'd like to know what's happening here .
i'd like to visit your country someday .
i'll explain how to take this medicine .
i'll take a shortcut across the garden .
i'll visit you at your office tomorrow .
i'll win using whatever means it takes .
i'm afraid it's going to rain tomorrow .
i'm afraid there isn't any coffee left .
i'm capable of making my own decisions .
i'm counting how many people there are .
i'm going to join the school orchestra .
i'm having a very difficult time today .
i'm just looking forward to going home .
i'm looking forward to seeing you soon .
i'm not accustomed to getting up early .
i'm thinking of going abroad next year .
i've already told everybody to go home .
i've been trying to get your attention .
i've been very busy since this morning .
i've finished all except the last page .
i've made many mistakes in my lifetime .
i've never dated anyone taller than me .
i've seen a couple of kurosawa's films .
introduce me to your friend over there .
is her house anywhere near the station ?
is it possible to reprint this article ?
is there something you haven't told me ?
is there something you haven't told us ?
is this your first conference in paris ?
isn't it wonderful how things work out ?
it doesn't matter which side you're on .
it is impossible to live without water .
it is time to stop watching television .
it looks like we didn't understand him .
it was stormy the day before yesterday .
it wasn't supposed to happen like this .
it's a matter of the utmost importance .
it's been a pleasure chatting with you .
it's impossible to live on that island .
it's impossible to reason with a drunk .
it's the highest building in this city .
japan has a lot of beautiful mountains .
japan relies on arab countries for oil .
japanese people tend to think that way .
let me tell you something about boston .
let me tell you something about myself .
life is more interesting than any book .
many children were playing in the park .
many people have made the same mistake .
many people use atms to withdraw money .
maria callas was a famous opera singer .
mary carries pepper spray in her purse .
may i see two pieces of identification ?
most japanese houses are built of wood .
most japanese temples are made of wood .
must this letter be written in english ?
my boss isn't satisfied with my report .
my brother is looking for an apartment .
my client has been charged with murder .
my daughter is getting married in june .
my father hasn't gone abroad even once .
my father is getting better and better .
my great aunt was a staunch teetotaler .
my mom doesn't speak english very well .
my mother finally approved of our plan .
my parents send you their best regards .
my sister still lives with our parents .
my sister takes a shower every morning .
now it's time for the weather forecast .
one of jesus' disciples was named paul .
our country is rich in marine products .
our electric heater does not work well .
our friendship is very important to me .
our guest is waiting for us downstairs .
people rose in revolt against the king .
please be seated , ladies and gentlemen .
please come again two weeks from today .
please give me some latitude this time .
please give my regards to your parents .
please let me know when dinner's ready .
please play something by chopin for me .
please remain seated for a few minutes .
plumbers are well paid for their labor .
press this button to start the machine .
sea levels around the world are rising .
she assured him that everything was ok .
she didn't try to translate the letter .
she doesn't know what she really wants .
she failed to understand a single word .
she forgave him for killing her father .
she has been sick since last wednesday .
she is determined to leave the company .
she is particular about what she wears .
she likes tennis as well as basketball .
she pressed her nose against the glass .
she served the family for twenty years .
she stared at him with frightened eyes .
she started dancing when she was eight .
she walked slowly so she wouldn't slip .
she went shopping with him last monday .
she wiped her face with a handkerchief .
she would have failed without his help .
she's young enough to be your daughter .
some believe nessie lives in this lake .
some children are playing on the grass .
someone must have left the window open .
something has happened to my right eye .
sometimes i have to read boring novels .
songs and poems were written about him .
thanks for coming on such short notice .
that man is a famous cabaret performer .
that responsibility is a burden to him .
that swimsuit looks really good on you .
that was why he entered the university .
that's what i've been saying all along .
that's what my friends keep telling me .
the accident deprived him of his sight .
the accident happened a year ago today .
the apple tree has a beautiful blossom .
the baby weighed seven pounds at birth .
the boy was accompanied by his parents .
the contents of the letter were secret .
the crowd is growing larger and larger .
the crowd poured out of the auditorium .
the days are getting longer and longer .
the days are getting warmer and warmer .
the experiment seemed to be going well .
the failure is due to his carelessness .
the farmer seeded the field with wheat .
the flowers will brighten up the table .
the girl still believes in santa claus .
the hunter hunted rabbits with his dog .
the moon is the earth's only satellite .
the mother is looking for a babysitter .
the news finally reached me last night .
the old chair groaned under her weight .
the old man sometimes talks to himself .
the package was wrapped in thick paper .
the patrolman motioned me to pull over .
the picture looks better at a distance .
the police are looking into the matter .
the post office is that brown building .
the problem disappeared as if by magic .
the rebels took control of the capital .
the road curves gently toward the lake .
the shop was crowded with young people .
the situation got out of their control .
the soldiers lost the courage to fight .
the supplies are beginning to give out .
the teacher made him stay after school .
the teacher told them to stop fighting .
the telephone rang a few minutes later .
the train doesn't stop at that station .
the train stopped because of the storm .
the two nations have strong trade ties .
the war had united the american people .
the work must be completed by tomorrow .
the work was finished before i arrived .
their goods are of the highest quality .
there appears to have been an accident .
there is a cafeteria in the university .
there is an urgent need for volunteers .
there is cranberry juice in the fridge .
there is little prospect of my success .
there was a discussion on the measures .
there was little furniture in the room .
there will be a lunar eclipse tomorrow .
there's hardly any water in the bucket .
there's one thing that is bothering me .
there's something i wanted to give you .
they always talk about the same things .
they announced that a storm was coming .
they didn't offer me anything to drink .
they dragged their boat onto the beach .
they fought the measures in the courts .
they had no alternative but to retreat .
they knew exactly what they were doing .
they've written a bill for health care .
this armchair is comfortable to sit in .
this bike belongs to my little brother .
this car comes with an air conditioner .
this cold weather isn't usual for june .
this dog saved that little girl's life .
this fluid can be substituted for glue .
this happened more than three days ago .
this is kind of embarrassing , actually .
this picture was taken three years ago .
this plan had little chance of success .
this sofa can seat three people easily .
this winter will probably be very cold .
those books are always in great demand .
today i don't feel like doing anything .
tom and mary often eat dinner together .
tom and mary worked out their problems .
tom asked mary about her new boyfriend .
tom believed that john was his brother .
tom brushes his teeth after every meal .
tom claims he knows nothing about mary .
tom couldn't tell what the problem was .
tom denied that he had stolen anything .
tom didn't understand a word mary said .
tom disagrees with mary on that matter .
tom divorced his second wife last year .
tom doesn't have to come here tomorrow .
tom doesn't know which color to choose .
tom doesn't like working in the garden .
tom doesn't live with his wife anymore .
tom drove mary to the nearest hospital .
tom found it very difficult to breathe .
tom got another letter from mary today .
tom got quite a few positive responses .
tom has never gotten over mary's death .
tom has no intention of leaving boston .
tom hasn't changed a bit since college .
tom hasn't played the guitar for years .
tom is one of mary's childhood friends .
tom is still in the classroom studying .
tom knew that mary was studying french .
tom left his umbrella in the classroom .
tom managed to escape through a window .
tom parked his car behind the building .
tom probably thought i didn't like him .
tom purposely left the last page blank .
tom pushed his nose against the window .
tom should've gone to boston with mary .
tom volunteered to pay for the damages .
tom was acquitted for lack of evidence .
tom's french is actually not very good .
tom's boss advanced him a week's wages .
two roundtrip tickets to osaka , please .
two thousand people fit into this hall .
unfortunately , i don't have time today .
unfortunately , my father isn't at home .
unfortunately , there was no one around .
valentine's day is on sunday this year .
variable names in c are case sensitive .
very few people aren't afraid of death .
watch out for rowdy or drunk customers .
we are looking forward to the holidays .
we ask the teacher questions every day .
we can't make people donate to charity .
we couldn't help feeling sorry for her .
we don't have any strawberry ice cream .
we don't want them to be uncomfortable .
we have bigger problems to worry about .
we have broken off relations with them .
we have other priorities at the moment .
we haven't really thought about it yet .
we import grain from the united states .
we must try to protect the environment .
we offer low - cost prefabricated houses .
we often hear french being spoken here .
we should bring another bottle of wine .
we should do away with this regulation .
we traveled around the world last year .
we want to measure your blood pressure .
we watched a new program on television .
we will only consent on that condition .
we're still getting to know each other .
we've all done things we're ashamed of .
whales feed on plankton and small fish .
what are the chances of that happening ?
what do italians usually eat for lunch ?
what do you usually have for breakfast ?
what doesn't kill us makes us stronger .
what he said was a slight exaggeration .
what he said would happen has happened .
what is the tallest mountain in europe ?
what is this animal called in japanese ?
what style of furniture would you like ?
what time do you usually eat breakfast ?
what will the weather be like tomorrow ?
what would've happened if tom had come ?
what's your favorite way to cook beans ?
when are you coming to the netherlands ?
when did you finish writing the letter ?
when did you finish writing the report ?
when did your friend leave for america ?
when does your father leave his office ?
where did you get your camera repaired ?
where were you for the whole afternoon ?
which concert did you choose to attend ?
why don't we talk about something else ?
work on the assignment in small groups .
would you like a newspaper or magazine ?
would you mind turning down the volume ?
writing love letters isn't easy for me .
you can't have understood what he said .
you couldn't have picked a better spot .
you don't have to answer this question .
you don't need to answer that question .
you don't need to answer this question .
you finally succeeded in getting a job .
you had better have your eyes examined .
you have brought shame upon our family .
you have restored my faith in humanity .
you may choose whichever book you like .
you must be in good physical condition .
you really do speak english quite well .
you really should eat before you leave .
you seem to know everything about this .
you should attend to your own business .
you should call your mother more often .
you should do something with your hair .
you should never cut corners on safety .
you'll want to look your best tomorrow .
you're feeling very sleepy , aren't you ?
you're the only one who understands me .
you've got to be reasonable about this .
your explanation is too abstract to me .
your problem is you don't study enough .
your security guard wouldn't let me in .
your suggestion is of no practical use .
your watch is more expensive than mine .
a computer is an absolute necessity now .
a lot's happened while you've been away .
a stewardess was rescued from the wreck .
all the furniture was covered with dust .
an innocent man was arrested by mistake .
an old friend of mine visited yesterday .
are they displayed all through the year ?
are you still upset about what happened ?
are you thinking of going to university ?
aren't you coming to the party tomorrow ?
bacteria are invisible to the naked eye .
can you distinguish her from her sister ?
can you imagine the world without money ?
can you tell me about that conversation ?
could you send up some stomach medicine ?
couldn't they have picked a better time ?
cows spend hours just chewing their cud .
did you practice the piano this morning ?
do you know who invented the microscope ?
do you remember anything from back then ?
do you sometimes give your sister money ?
do you think the situation will improve ?
does anyone have any questions thus far ?
does anyone in your family speak french ?
does anyone in your office speak french ?
don't ask questions . just follow orders .
don't forget to see me tomorrow morning .
don't you think we deserve some answers ?
don't you think you have that backwards ?
don't you want everything to be perfect ?
every member of the cabinet was present .
every student has access to the library .
everyone at the party was drinking wine .
everyone has good points and bad points .
everything is going to be different now .
explain the fact as clearly as possible .
father is going to undergo an operation .
get a good start by observing carefully .
god never forgets even a small kindness .
hang up your shirts before they wrinkle .
have you finished reading that book yet ?
have you told anyone about this problem ?
he admits being involved in the scandal .
he criticized me for neglecting my duty .
he doesn't know what he's talking about .
he drove carelessly and had an accident .
he exchanged seats with the next person .
he excused himself for his bad behavior .
he felt uneasy in his father's presence .
he flatly refused her requests for help .
he has been warned on several occasions .
he has knowledge and experience as well .
he has taken over his father's business .
he ordered them to release the prisoner .
he put great emphasis on spoken english .
he received a good education in england .
he refused to give them the information .
he represented his class at the meeting .
he sat there surrounded by his children .
he speaks english with a russian accent .
he was ambassador to the united nations .
he was challenged to a drinking contest .
he was completely engrossed in the book .
he was distracted by the beautiful girl .
he was present at the meeting yesterday .
he will probably win the speech contest .
he's spending too much time watching tv .
hello , is this the personnel department ?
her ambition is to become an ambassador .
herbert hoover won the election of 1928 .
his manners aren't those of a gentleman .
his office is convenient to the station .
his proposal is not worth talking about .
how long have you been studying english ?
how long have you been teaching english ?
how many prefectures are there in japan ?
how much more suffering can they endure ?
i apologize for not replying right away .
i bought a newspaper written in english .
i bought this book at maruzen bookstore .
i can't believe you didn't recognize me .
i could sure use that scholarship money .
i couldn't remember ever having met her .
i didn't know you were expecting anyone .
i didn't realize you could speak french .
i don't care where you're eating dinner .
i don't enjoy traveling in large groups .
i don't have any trouble believing that .
i don't regret what happened last night .
i don't spend much time studying french .
i don't think it'll rain this afternoon .
i don't understand his reluctance to go .
i felt like reading the detective story .
i find her opinions odd but interesting .
i found the comic book very interesting .
i found the field trip very educational .
i get depressed by the slightest things .
i got years of experience in courtrooms .
i had trouble falling asleep last night .
i have a problem dealing with authority .
i have an interest in oriental ceramics .
i have breakfast at seven every morning .
i have different priorities than you do .
i have never killed nor injured anybody .
i have some correspondence to deal with .
i hope this doesn't ruin our friendship .
i hope this won't affect our friendship .
i intended to study medicine in america .
i just wanted to express my condolences .
i keep having this dream about drowning .
i like both watching and playing sports .
i like skiing much better than swimming .
i must finish my homework before dinner .
i need your passport and three pictures .
i observed that his hands were unsteady .
i ordered some coffee from room service .
i probably speak french better than tom .
i really appreciate you meeting with me .
i really want to speak english fluently .
i really wasn't expecting that from you .
i sincerely hope things improve for you .
i think i've found enough for everybody .
i think you're not telling me something .
i thought about what you said yesterday .
i thought we'd be more comfortable here .
i thought you might want some breakfast .
i want everyone to bring their children .
i was deeply impressed with his courage .
i was fined thirty dollars for speeding .
i was profoundly disturbed by this news .
i was terribly confused by his question .
i watched them destroy the old building .
i weighed myself on the bathroom scales .
i'd be delighted if that happened again .
i'd be depressed if that happened again .
i'll be sitting here while he's singing .
i'm far from happy about this situation .
i'm helping people to buy things online .
i'm looking forward to hearing from you .
i'm looking forward to seeing you again .
i'm looking forward to seeing you dance .
i'm sick of listening to her complaints .
i'm sorry for not being more supportive .
i'm the second oldest of three children .
i'm tired of listening to your bragging .
i've been expecting good news from them .
i've been looking foward to meeting you .
i've decided to give tom another chance .
i've got my stubbornness from my father .
i've learned a lot about modern authors .
i've never seen such a beautiful flower .
in english the verb precedes the object .
in german , nouns are always capitalised .
instead of stopping , the rain increased .
is french a difficult language to learn ?
it has been raining since last thursday .
it's not something i can decide quickly .
it's something they always wanted to do .
let me congratulate you on your success .
let's decide together where to go first .
let's leave the decision to our teacher .
let's not let our imaginations run wild .
many lost their homes in the earthquake .
many people do not trust the government .
many pretty flowers bloom in the spring .
may i have everyone's attention , please ?
meeting my old friend was very pleasant .
money isn't the only thing that matters .
most snakes on this island are harmless .
mother teresa was given the nobel prize .
my brother hung the picture upside down .
my father has five brothers and sisters .
my father has just returned from abroad .
my first car didn't have power steering .
my grandfather's picture is on the wall .
my homework took longer than i expected .
my husband and daughter are fast asleep .
my shoelace got caught in the escalator .
my sister washes her shoes every sunday .
no one could turn down their invitation .
nothing could be further from the truth .
our escape was nothing short of miracle .
our plane was about thirty minutes late .
our teacher demanded that we keep quiet .
people once believed the world was flat .
please don't compare me with my brother .
please don't forget to mail the letters .
please don't forget to mail this letter .
please don't forget to write the letter .
please explain how to take the medicine .
please get this work finished by monday .
please tell me where the marketplace is .
prices have been rising since last year .
remove your coat and empty your pockets .
riding double on a bicycle is dangerous .
scientists seem to have known the truth .
settle down for a while and concentrate .
she accompanied the singer on the piano .
she attributed her success to good luck .
she brought up the three children alone .
she cursed him for causing the accident .
she didn't press him for an explanation .
she doesn't know who built those houses .
she has a negative attitude toward life .
she interpreted his remarks as a threat .
she is concerned about her son's health .
she is interested in learning new ideas .
she is singing the latest popular songs .
she left home with everything she owned .
she loves watching tennis matches on tv .
she passed away peacefully in her sleep .
she pretended not to hear him yesterday .
she talked him into accepting the bribe .
she thinks it is a positive development .
she was envious of her cousin's success .
she was injured in the traffic accident .
shell after shell smashed into the fort .
some children are swimming in the river .
some people think that gambling's a sin .
somebody had drowned her in the bathtub .
something must be wrong with the camera .
ten people were injured in the accident .
thank you very much for your generosity .
thanks for your invitation to the party .
that american movie was a great success .
that bicycle over there is my brother's .
that sounds like a fairly good proposal .
that sounds like something you would do .
that was without doubt a magical moment .
that's not something i would joke about .
the french language is rich in synonyms .
the greeks used to worship several gods .
the actress sued the magazine for libel .
the airplane landed on my father's farm .
the bigger boys torment the little ones .
the boy admitted having broken the vase .
the bridge is approximately a mile long .
the bus arrived ten minutes behind time .
the chemical formula for water is h₂o .
the concert will take place next sunday .
the conference will take place in tokyo .
the couple next door are fighting again .
the criminal begged the judge for mercy .
the criminal didn't let the hostages go .
the criminal was arrested by the police .
the earth's moon is a natural satellite .
the family is watching a movie together .
the girl exercised on the parallel bars .
the girl resembles her mother very much .
the house gets painted every five years .
the laws were very difficult to enforce .
the living room adjoins the dining room .
the meaning of this sentence is obscure .
the men are wearing short sleeve shirts .
the mountains are reflected in the lake .
the novel ends with the heroine's death .
the novel was published after his death .
the number of members will grow quickly .
the passengers all went aboard the ship .
the picnic was canceled because of rain .
the plans for the offensive were secret .
the priest pronounced them man and wife .
the prisoner was brought before a judge .
the problem was i couldn't speak french .
the public was notified on october 20th .
the rain prevented him from coming here .
the recipe calls for four ripe tomatoes .
the restaurant was far from the station .
the road curves gently towards the west .
the road was obstructed by fallen trees .
the simplest solution is often the best .
the situation is worse than we believed .
the soldier returned home on a furlough .
the teacher is strict with his students .
the three - day discussion was worthwhile .
the travelers stayed at a seaside hotel .
the volcano has erupted twice this year .
the washer doesn't fit through the door .
the wedding will take place next spring .
the whole country was covered with snow .
the whole school agreed to the proposal .
there are many galaxies in the universe .
there are many wild animals around here .
there are more important things in life .
there are several ways to measure speed .
there were no fingerprints on the knife .
there's a guy downstairs asking for you .
there's a little whiskey in this bottle .
there's no shortage of work around here .
there's nothing wrong with that , either .
these books are easier than those books .
they abandoned the hill to enemy forces .
they combined forces to fight the enemy .
they joined forces and fought the enemy .
they supplied the war victims with food .
they tried to discourage him from going .
they went out after they finished lunch .
this isn't worth getting worked up over .
this medicine will make you feel better .
this picture reminds me of my childhood .
this system worked well until the 1840s .
this train runs between tokyo and osaka .
this whole affair stinks to high heaven .
though wounded , they continued to fight .
three men broke out of prison yesterday .
tom and mary think they know everything .
tom bends over backwards to please mary .
tom came to meet me yesterday afternoon .
tom didn't want to testify against mary .
tom hasn't actually ever been to boston .
tom is much better today than yesterday .
tom is still at his grandfather's house .
tom likes being the center of attention .
tom looked at the tall man suspiciously .
tom paid no attention to mary's warning .
tom probably didn't do the work himself .
tom registered to become an organ donor .
tom wanted to talk about something else .
tomorrow will be even warmer than today .
unfortunately , i have to disappoint you .
we are familiar with that author's name .
we can't live another day without water .
we could've done this without your help .
we have more pressing things to discuss .
we haven't heard anything from them yet .
we heard tigers roaring in the distance .
we must think over the issues carefully .
we received a cordial welcome from them .
we should try to understand one another .
we will take your feelings into account .
we'll change trains at the next station .
we're just about finished with this job .
we've known each other for thirty years .
what do you know about tom's girlfriend ?
what is your opinion on school uniforms ?
what languages do they speak in belgium ?
what time do you usually have breakfast ?
what's the precise meaning of that word ?
what's the spelling of your family name ?
what's the worst injury you've ever had ?
what's the worst movie you've ever seen ?
when was the potato introduced in japan ?
which online dictionary do you use most ?
why didn't you come into work yesterday ?
why does everyone think that i'm stupid ?
why have you delayed seeing the dentist ?
why would you think something like that ?
would you consider this a good proposal ?
would you mind coming earlier next time ?
you aren't listening to what i'm saying .
you can choose whichever color you like .
you don't have to worry about publicity .
you must prepare yourself for the worst .
you seem to really be enjoying yourself .
you should call your parents more often .
you should do something you enjoy doing .
you should give up drinking and smoking .
you should give up smoking and drinking .
you should take better care of yourself .
you shouldn't depend on others too much .
you shouldn't drink on an empty stomach .
you shouldn't keep them waiting so long .
you two should be ashamed of yourselves .
you'll have to answer for your behavior .
you're not looking at the whole picture .
you're not prepared for what awaits you .
you're the nicest girlfriend i ever had .
you've been injured before , haven't you ?
young people are usually full of energy .
your behavior leaves much to be desired .
your speech will be recorded in history .
a fight broke out between two schoolboys .
a frown may express anger or displeasure .
a soccer team consists of eleven players .
a swarm of hornets attacked the children .
albania wants to join the european union .
an illustration may make the point clear .
are you content with your present salary ?
are you having any difficulty doing that ?
are you still recovering from last night ?
botany is the scientific study of plants .
both those students passed all the tests .
buses are running at 20 minute intervals .
can i share something important with you ?
can you believe this is really happening ?
can you do without an english dictionary ?
comedy is something that makes you laugh .
could you please lend me your dictionary ?
could you possibly translate this for me ?
despite everything , tom started to relax .
did something happen between you and tom ?
did they enjoy their holiday in scotland ?
did you feel the earthquake this morning ?
divide this line into twenty equal parts .
do you think the shooting was accidental ?
does father know you've broken his watch ?
don't make promises that you cannot keep .
don't worry . we'll figure everything out .
education is an investment in the future .
every sentence in that book is important .
everybody makes mistakes once in a while .
fried food usually doesn't agree with me .
gunshot residue was found on tom's hands .
hardly anyone thinks that we are sisters .
have you bought your christmas gifts yet ?
have you ever written a computer program ?
have you finished cleaning your room yet ?
he defeated his opponent in the election .
he demanded that his salary be increased .
he entertained us with jokes all evening .
he fits the description in the newspaper .
he is slowly recovering from his illness .
he is studying history at the university .
he kept on writing stories about animals .
he makes friends with everybody he meets .
he ordered them to release the prisoners .
he pays no attention to others' feelings .
he promoted the idea of world government .
he tucked the handkerchief in his pocket .
he understands her problems more or less .
he used every chance to practice english .
he was arrested for fencing stolen goods .
he was disappointed at not being invited .
he went traveling in search of adventure .
he whispered sweet nothings into her ear .
he's a well - known television personality .
he's always on time for his appointments .
he's very proud of his custom motorcycle .
his french is improving little by little .
his company went under during the crisis .
his finances have changed for the better .
his grandfather died of cancer last year .
his health is improving little by little .
how long will this cold weather continue ?
how should you advertise on the internet ?
i am confronted with a difficult problem .
i asked him many questions about ecology .
i borrowed the dictionary from my friend .
i can barely understand what he's saying .
i can't be unconcerned about your future .
i can't believe i'm graduating this year .
i can't believe we're really living here .
i can't believe we're talking about this .
i can't distinguish him from his brother .
i can't help but feel partly responsible .
i can't imagine what you've gone through .
i can't lift boxes over thirty kilograms .
i can't make myself understood in german .
i demand an explanation for this mistake .
i don't believe this is really happening .
i don't feel like doing anything tonight .
i don't feel like studying english today .
i don't particularly care what you think .
i don't really understand how that works .
i don't remember anything else right now .
i don't remember asking for your opinion .
i don't think anyone thinks you're crazy .
i don't think children should drink beer .
i don't understand a thing you're saying .
i don't want that kind of responsibility .
i entered someone else's room by mistake .
i feel terrible about ruining your party .
i have many friends in foreign countries .
i have something that might interest you .
i have the complete works of shakespeare .
i haven't been sleeping very much lately .
i heard my parents whispering last night .
i just went home without saying anything .
i like music , especially classical music .
i live within walking distance of school .
i look forward to corresponding with you .
i majored in philosophy at my university .
i meant to cancel your appointment today .
i persuaded him into accepting the offer .
i really just don't like christmas music .
i received a letter in english yesterday .
i remember having seen this movie before .
i should've listened to tom more closely .
i suppose you've already bought a ticket .
i think there's something wrong with you .
i think we shouldn't have gotten married .
i thought you didn't like romance movies .
i thought you were against this proposal .
i thought you'd wear something like that .
i was fortunate to make his acquaintance .
i was surprised by his sudden appearance .
i wasn't conscious of anyone watching me .
i wish you both happiness and prosperity .
i'll come into the office early tomorrow .
i'm afraid that she'll refuse my request .
i'm considered a traitor to this country .
i'm fond of listening to classical music .
i'm not saying that you're not beautiful .
i'm sick of listening to your complaints .
i'm sorry that you've been badly injured .
i'm sure this is just a misunderstanding .
i'm the one responsible for the accident .
i'm very happy to make your acquaintance .
i'm wearing my swimsuit under my clothes .
i've been looking forward to meeting you .
is that rule applicable to us foreigners ?
is there something wrong with your phone ?
it is difficult to speak three languages .
it is difficult to understand his theory .
it is difficult to understand this novel .
it is impossible to resolve the conflict .
it was marie curie who discovered radium .
it's been three years since the accident .
it's difficult to transplant an old tree .
it's fun to learn about foreign cultures .
it's incredibly easy to cheat the system .
it's not a suitable topic for discussion .
it's very important to respect the rules .
japan's rice market is closed to imports .
japanese young people like rock and jazz .
let me show you something really awesome .
let's schedule a meeting for next monday .
let's take advantage of the long weekend .
losses on both sides were extremely high .
many consumer reviews on amazon are fake .
many people also considered him a madman .
mary won't listen to her friend's advice .
maybe i'm going through a midlife crisis .
medical marijuana is legal in this state .
mother divided the cake into three parts .
mother has been sick since last thursday .
my brother insisted on going there alone .
my brother is engaged in cancer research .
my children wear out their shoes quickly .
my father is repairing my broken bicycle .
my grandfather always sits in this chair .
no wonder they have elected him chairman .
nobody really cared that tom didn't help .
nothing ever happens in this old village .
nothing has to happen until you're ready .
one of the suitcases is completely empty .
our fighters averaged 430 missions a day .
overcooked fish can be dry and tasteless .
plastic bags are bad for the environment .
please make five copies of this document .
please turn in your homework by tomorrow .
rabies is the deadliest disease on earth .
raúl can't have fun without his friends .
reading is one of life's great pleasures .
search everyone who comes into this room .
seeing me , they suddenly stopped talking .
she allegedly killed him in self defense .
she always stands up for her convictions .
she cannot have understood what you said .
she could not understand the whole story .
she expressed her thanks for the present .
she found him standing near the entrance .
she got her daughter a personal computer .
she is always forgetting my phone number .
she is anxious about her father's health .
she is busy preparing for an examination .
she is exceedingly sensitive to the cold .
she must be visiting england this summer .
she pointed her finger at him accusingly .
she speaks english with a foreign accent .
she spends her leisure time making dolls .
she succeeded in getting what she wanted .
she surprised him when she arrived early .
she taught me so many interesting things .
she was captured trying to steal jewelry .
she was killed in an automobile accident .
she was watching the dead leaves falling .
she's practicing the piano day and night .
soccer is the world's most popular sport .
somebody threw a brick through my window .
someone broke into my house last weekend .
someone must have left the water running .
sunglasses protect our eyes from the sun .
thank you very much for your hospitality .
that chicken hasn't laid any eggs lately .
that experiment led to a great discovery .
that organization is corrupt to its core .
that poor family survives on food stamps .
that tradition has fallen by the wayside .
the japanese live in harmony with nature .
the accident was due to his carelessness .
the accused tried to justify his actions .
the actress tore up her contract angrily .
the air conditioner doesn't seem to work .
the air feels somewhat cold this morning .
the airplane was flying above the clouds .
the bird was covered with white feathers .
the boy denied having stolen the bicycle .
the building was heavily damaged by fire .
the bus driver didn't see the pedestrian .
the children have already gone to school .
the children shared a pizza after school .
the computer industry is enjoying a boom .
the conference went on according to plan .
the cough syrup has a licorice flavoring .
the dead and wounded soon lay everywhere .
the earthworm wriggled when i touched it .
the elevator stopped on the second floor .
the fishermen took photos of their catch .
the game was postponed until next sunday .
the girl is reading with her grandfather .
the girl's parents agreed to her request .
the glass bowl broke into tiny fragments .
the island was now surrounded by militia .
the mayor presented the prizes in person .
the movie industry became a big business .
the neighbor's dog was barking all night .
the old lady smiled at her granddaughter .
the password you have entered is invalid .
the pharmacy isn't far from the hospital .
the problem is you're not patient enough .
the pyramids were built in ancient times .
the reporter refused to name his sources .
the results are by no means satisfactory .
the rioters beat many policemen to death .
the situation became worse by the minute .
the size of the universe is unimaginable .
the three brothers must help one another .
the tour guide can speak three languages .
the typewriter is stored in the basement .
there are many beautiful parks in london .
there are many different kinds of beauty .
there was a list of available candidates .
there were all sorts of group activities .
there were fifty passengers on the plane .
there's nothing better than a good novel .
there's some leftover food in the fridge .
there's something i feel you should know .
they accused him of stealing the bicycle .
they entertained us at dinner last night .
they left there the day before yesterday .
they really wanted to know what happened .
they spent the afternoon around the pool .
they supported his right to speak freely .
they talked on the telephone every night .
they waved flags to welcome the princess .
they were speaking in a southern dialect .
this afternoon we will have an interview .
this airport is easily accessible by bus .
this answer may not necessarily be wrong .
this church was destroyed by cannon fire .
this company's profit margin is very big .
this diagram will illustrate what i mean .
this is a sociological study on abortion .
this medicine does not have side effects .
this melody is familiar to many japanese .
this movie is so terrible it's hilarious .
this restaurant is full of young couples .
those countries used to belong to france .
thoughts are expressed by means of words .
tickets are still available if you hurry .
time is more precious than anything else .
tom and mary adopted a handicapped child .
tom and mary don't know what's happening .
tom bought a chinese - japanese dictionary .
tom bought a japanese - chinese dictionary .
tom can't leave boston until next monday .
tom cheated on his girlfriend for months .
tom couldn't go anywhere without his dog .
tom didn't understand the joke mary told .
tom doesn't really understand how i feel .
tom followed his parents down the street .
tom got killed in an automobile accident .
tom has been spreading rumors about mary .
tom isn't accustomed to working at night .
tom isn't qualified to teach high school .
tom noticed that his hands weren't clean .
tom often borrows money from his friends .
tom promised he wouldn't do that anymore .
tom propped his bicycle against the wall .
tom regularly eats sushi with his mother .
tom still doesn't speak french very well .
tom thinks mary doesn't get enough sleep .
tom told mary about his imaginary friend .
tom tripled his investment in six months .
tom was badly beaten before being killed .
tom was chosen from among 300 applicants .
we are encouraged to use our imagination .
we can't pretend that this didn't happen .
we couldn't convince him of his mistakes .
we didn't have many visitors this summer .
we have known each other since childhood .
we have more important things to discuss .
we often have barbecues and pool parties .
we spent the afternoon cleaning our gear .
we watched a baseball game on television .
we're expecting a good harvest this year .
we're looking forward to your being here .
what doesn't kill you makes you stronger .
what is the active ingredient in aspirin ?
what time does this train reach yokohama ?
what's going to happen to your prisoners ?
what's the most delicious fruit in japan ?
what's your favorite flavor of ice cream ?
who will provide capital for the venture ?
whoever told you such a ridiculous story ?
you can't build buildings on swampy land .
you cannot be too careful about spelling .
you don't know what you're talking about .
you look depressed . did something happen ?
you never told me your girlfriend's name .
you only have to follow the instructions .
you really have a talent for translation .
you should always think before you speak .
you should be respectful to your parents .
you should take advantage of this chance .
you will find this book very interesting .
you'd better try to assert yourself more .
your parents can't keep us apart forever .
a baseball came flying through the window .
can you believe this is already happening ?
cats were sacred animals in ancient egypt .
cherry trees are planted along the street .
children are sometimes afraid of the dark .
churches were erected all over the island .
countless stars were twinkling in the sky .
deposit this check in my checking account .
did that accident really happen last year ?
did you get everything ready for tomorrow ?
did your parents approve of your marriage ?
didn't you wear that same shirt yesterday ?
don't you have anything smaller than this ?
don't you understand what's going on here ?
europe has a smaller population than asia .
eventually , my curiosity overcame my fear .
everyone wants to be young and attractive .
fortunately he didn't die in the accident .
french has many more vowels than japanese .
he attached great importance to the event .
he delivered a very long speech yesterday .
he doesn't resemble either of his parents .
he donated countless pieces to the museum .
he expressed himself very well in english .
he has become thin beyond all recognition .
he inherited the business from his father .
he is completely absorbed in his business .
he is concerned about his parent's health .
he likes being surrounded by young people .
he stopped smoking on his doctor's advice .
he succeeded in spite of all difficulties .
he succeeded in swimming across the river .
he was constantly borrowing money from me .
he went fishing instead of playing tennis .
he would sometimes talk with the soldiers .
heaven knows we've done everything we can .
her daughter has become a beautiful woman .
his daughter has become a beautiful woman .
his explanation doesn't make sense at all .
his family emigrated to the united states .
his hobby is painting pictures of flowers .
his name is known throughout this country .
his parents were pleased with his success .
his proposals were adopted at the meeting .
his salary can't keep pace with inflation .
his short stature makes him feel insecure .
i applaud your decision to study medicine .
i appreciate any assistance you can offer .
i can't believe i'm even considering this .
i can't imagine what you're going through .
i can't remember anything from last night .
i can't understand anything tom is saying .
i couldn't make him understand my english .
i cross the railroad tracks every morning .
i didn't mean to challenge your authority .
i don't know anything about riding horses .
i don't know anything about what happened .
i don't understand what's happening to me .
i found something interesting in the town .
i have already finished reading this book .
i haven't attended any of his conferences .
i haven't been completely honest with you .
i know a lot about environmental problems .
i like long stories with surprise endings .
i like summer holidays better than school .
i really don't think that'll be necessary .
i really don't understand what's so funny .
i should have told you everything earlier .
i suggest that you proceed very carefully .
i take full responsibility for the action .
i think tom believes everything mary says .
i think that shintaro speaks english well .
i thought you should read these documents .
i usually go shopping on sunday afternoon .
i value our friendship more than anything .
i was rendered speechless by his rudeness .
i won't hire anyone without your approval .
i'll do it according to your instructions .
i'm about to tell you something important .
i'm fed up with your constant complaining .
i'm looking forward to seeing your father .
i've advertised my house in the newspaper .
i've got accustomed to speaking in public .
i've got an appointment tomorrow with tom .
i've never seen anything like this before .
ice skating can be graceful and beautiful .
is that singer popular among your friends ?
is there any other way besides extraction ?
is there central heating in this building ?
is this the dictionary you're looking for ?
it looks like something's going to happen .
it's considered to be an important matter .
it's easier to teach children than adults .
it's getting harder for me to concentrate .
many english words are derived from latin .
many economists are ignorant of that fact .
many weeds were growing among the flowers .
many young people in spain are unemployed .
mary received many gifts for her birthday .
most hollywood movies have a happy ending .
most castles have a moat surrounding them .
most of my traveling companions were nice .
mother divided the cake into eight pieces .
my annual income exceeds five million yen .
my association with them didn't last long .
my driver's license will expire next week .
my friends congratulated me on my success .
my grandfather gave me a birthday present .
my grandfather takes a walk every morning .
my sister's hair reaches to her shoulders .
my uncle has been diagnosed with leukemia .
new blankets were distributed to the poor .
nine million people voted in the election .
nothing can prevent her from marrying him .
nothing happens unless you make it happen .
our car is equipped with air conditioning .
our college uses far too much electricity .
our family has lived here for generations .
our problems are nothing compared to hers .
playing the piano is her favorite pastime .
please do whatever you think is necessary .
please promise you'll never do that again .
please transfer 450 dollars to my account .
poaching is not allowed in national parks .
quakers believe that all people are equal .
reckless driving will lead to an accident .
routine exercise is great for your health .
saying and doing are two different things .
several children are playing on the beach .
she accompanied her friend to the concert .
she applied her handkerchief to his wound .
she bought a handkerchief for ten dollars .
she cursed him for forgetting his promise .
she doesn't know what she's talking about .
she finished her errand and returned home .
she interrupted him while he was speaking .
she is not only intelligent but beautiful .
she must have finished the work yesterday .
she must have visited england last summer .
she never dreamed she'd meet him overseas .
she smiled and accepted my little present .
space travel was thought to be impossible .
speaking english is very difficult for me .
taiwanese food is milder than indian food .
telephone him if the message is important .
thank you in advance for your cooperation .
that accident was due to his carelessness .
that's enough money to cover the expenses .
that's the ugliest snowman i've ever seen .
the catholic church is opposed to divorce .
the rhine runs between france and germany .
the accident happened before my very eyes .
the apple trees blossomed early this year .
the beaches are less crowded in september .
the body converts extra calories into fat .
the city supplied the needy with blankets .
the conference was not a complete success .
the conversation moved on to other topics .
the events unfolded just as she predicted .
the experience soured his outlook on life .
the firemen rushed into the burning house .
the frogs' croaking helped me fall asleep .
the game starts at two tomorrow afternoon .
the mailman comes around every three days .
the new supermarket was opened last month .
the parents succeeded in calming him down .
the plants suffered damage from the frost .
the poem's rhyme scheme is highly complex .
the river flows between the two countries .
the smoke alarm has never been maintained .
the snow prevented the train from running .
the spinning top skidded across the floor .
the teacher answers every question we ask .
the teacher asked me a difficult question .
the teacher was disappointed at my answer .
the town is always crawling with tourists .
the two cars collided at the intersection .
the weather changes very often in england .
the weather today is worse than yesterday .
the witness perjured herself on the stand .
the young woman's face became even redder .
there are cases where honesty doesn't pay .
there are happy people and unhappy people .
there is a marked difference between them .
there was a steady increase in population .
these butterflies are rare in our country .
these products are selling like hot cakes .
they are fascinated by blood and violence .
they finished building the bridge on time .
they were playing footsie under the table .
they weren't able to discover any secrets .
they're taking mary to the emergency room .
this medicine has no harmful side effects .
this movie is frightening to the children .
this showy dress isn't appropriate for me .
tom always wears sunglasses , even indoors .
tom and mary are getting married tomorrow .
tom and mary have very different opinions .
tom asked mary's advice about the problem .
tom blamed mary for the project's failure .
tom certainly doesn't need any more money .
tom doesn't appear to be paying attention .
tom doesn't know exactly where mary lives .
tom doesn't seem to understand any french .
tom eats nothing but his mother's cooking .
tom got more christmas presents than mary .
tom should be here within fifteen minutes .
tom stopped me from leaving the classroom .
tom was heartbroken when mary passed away .
tom's heart suddenly began to beat faster .
walt whitman is my favorite american poet .
we always play tennis on saturday morning .
we are doing business with many countries .
we became americanized after world war ii .
we considered the problem from all angles .
we don't really know anything about death .
we don't want any freeloaders around here .
we have exams right after summer vacation .
we have few opportunities to speak german .
we have other important issues to discuss .
we marveled at the little boy's eloquence .
we must choose the right moment carefully .
we should've bought three bottles of wine .
were you listening to the radio yesterday ?
were you nervous during the job interview ?
what denominations would you like that in ?
what is the ultimate purpose of education ?
what makes you think i'm hiding something ?
what natural foods help curb the appetite ?
what's going to happen that's so terrible ?
what's the name of your insurance company ?
you cannot read this novel without crying .
you must practice it at regular intervals .
you should be careful in choosing friends .
you should have nothing to complain about .
you shouldn't have gone there by yourself .
you'll find the letter under these papers .
you're more beautiful than i remember you .
you're spending too much time watching tv .
you're the prettiest woman i've ever seen .
you're too young to remember the nineties .
your dress is unsuitable for the occasion .
your method of teaching english is absurd .
your problem is you're not patient enough .
a contagious disease descended on the town .
a father and son represent two generations .
a true gentleman never betrays his friends .
all the students protested against the war .
allied forces were attacking from the west .
almost all the students believed the rumor .
and everyone has the ability to contribute .
anything that can be misunderstood will be .
are there still enough chairs for everyone ?
are you intentionally trying to confuse me ?
are you seriously thinking about not going ?
astronomy deals with the stars and planets .
california and nevada border on each other .
can you make yourself understood in french ?
chess and checkers are favorites with them .
children often try to imitate their elders .
children usually get up early on christmas .
clint eastwood was elected mayor of carmel .
columbus believed that the earth was round .
could you explain how the dishwasher works ?
could you please turn your television down ?
darkness causes many children to be afraid .
despite their efforts , they didn't succeed .
do you have plans for additional education ?
don't despise others because they are poor .
don't talk about people behind their backs .
english is useful in diplomacy and tourism .
even the greatest scholar can't solve that .
every monster starts off as someone's baby .
every word in this dictionary is important .
everybody knew tom could speak french well .
everybody says that he's an effeminate guy .
few students could understand what he said .
good students always keep their desk clean .
have you checked the suggestions box today ?
have you finished your french homework yet ?
he doesn't tolerate that type of behaviour .
he has none of his father's aggressiveness .
he has some experience in teaching english .
he is absorbed in reading detective novels .
he made reference to the previous director .
he never fully recovered from his injuries .
he was accused of squandering public funds .
he was granted admission to the university .
he was strict in disciplining his children .
he's what they call a walking encyclopedia .
health is an important factor of happiness .
his comments about the book were favorable .
his health has declined since the accident .
how can you contribute to our organisation ?
how much longer will the thunderstorm last ?
i am ashamed about what happened yesterday .
i am writing to express my dissatisfaction .
i can't understand what they were thinking .
i concentrated my attention on the lecture .
i concentrated my attention on the subject .
i could hear everything the president said .
i deeply regret having caused the accident .
i don't know what you're complaining about .
i don't understand this obsession of yours .
i guess tom wasn't really mary's boyfriend .
i had a dentist's appointment this morning .
i like music , particularly classical music .
i often recall my happy childhood memories .
i prefer white chocolate to dark chocolate .
i read an interesting article this morning .
i read five different magazines each month .
i should have been watching more carefully .
i still don't understand how this happened .
i think that i'm not academically oriented .
i think we're looking for different things .
i thought about resigning from the company .
i was conscious that something was missing .
i'm afraid she won't accept my explanation .
i'm breaking up with my girlfriend tonight .
i'm getting a master's degree in education .
i'm looking forward to the summer vacation .
i'm washing my hands because they're dirty .
i've been asking myself that same question .
i've never eaten anything like this before .
i've never heard english spoken so quickly .
illness prevented me from coming to school .
in general , young people dislike formality .
it's an excellent method to relieve stress .
it's difficult to learn a foreign language .
it's impossible that he forgot our meeting .
it's really different from what i expected .
it's the biggest house in the neighborhood .
it's your responsibility to finish the job .
japan has enjoyed prosperity since the war .
let's continue where we left off yesterday .
local shops do good business with tourists .
london is among the world's largest cities .
look out for pickpockets on crowded trains .
make another appointment at the front desk .
malaria is a disease that mosquitoes carry .
many families eat dinner while watching tv .
math and english were my favorite subjects .
more tractors meant fewer horses and mules .
my daughter has reached a marriageable age .
my father is interested in ancient history .
my grandfather passed away three years ago .
my grandfather's photograph is on the wall .
my heart aches for those starving children .
native americans fought with bow and arrow .
neither of them cares for strenuous sports .
no one can achieve anything without effort .
not a day passes without traffic accidents .
not having a telephone is an inconvenience .
one man's medicine is another man's poison .
only i could answer the question correctly .
our health is our most precious possession .
our school has about one thousand students .
parallel lines do not intersect each other .
people around the world are getting fatter .
people have the right to defend themselves .
people talk without having anything to say .
people were evacuated because of the flood .
please help yourself to the chocolate cake .
please let me know the schedule beforehand .
police think the fire was deliberately lit .
respect yourself and you will be respected .
several men are fishing from the riverbank .
she assisted her brother with his homework .
she confronted him and demanded an apology .
she donated countless pieces to the museum .
she felt something between love and hatred .
she glimpsed him running through the crowd .
she is an efficient and reliable assistant .
she looked worried about her school report .
she often takes advantage of his ignorance .
she talks everything over with her parents .
she tends to underestimate her own ability .
she was ashamed of her children's behavior .
she was clearly satisfied with the results .
she works for a large american corporation .
she works with single - minded determination .
sometimes it seems that everybody hates me .
swiss chocolate really melts in your mouth .
thank you for listening to my presentation .
that chicken hasn't laid any eggs recently .
that couple gets soused nearly every night .
that doesn't mean you shouldn't be careful .
that student sometimes pretends to be sick .
the beatles are popular among young people .
the rhine flows between france and germany .
the beginning of the story was interesting .
the children love listening to fairy tales .
the country's economy is about to collapse .
the days grow shorter as winter approaches .
the employee was escorted off the premises .
the escaped convict is armed and dangerous .
the evidence convinced us of his innocence .
the footprints continued down to the river .
the heroine of the novel committed suicide .
the important thing is that we're together .
the man left the restaurant without paying .
the manager called an urgent staff meeting .
the nation needed more and better teachers .
the novel takes place in victorian england .
the older children helped the younger ones .
the patient is recovering from his illness .
the police think that tom poisoned himself .
the policeman suspected the man was guilty .
the prosecutor asked me a leading question .
the recent events have affected him deeply .
the result was far from being satisfactory .
the ship lowered its gangway after docking .
the soldiers could do nothing until spring .
the soldiers filled the sandbags with sand .
the suspect wanted to avoid being arrested .
the teacher pokes his nose into everything .
the two pieces were glued tightly together .
the wind carries seeds for great distances .
there are more clouds today than yesterday .
there was something moving in the distance .
there's always a first time for everything .
these flowers bloom earlier than others do .
these shelves cannot support so many books .
they built a safe building for earthquakes .
they demanded that the mayor should resign .
they furnished the library with many books .
they have been reading an interesting book .
they were only interested in selling books .
this grocery store only sells organic food .
this is nothing more than wishful thinking .
this program is broadcast every other week .
this textbook is written in simple english .
tom can't have written this letter himself .
tom can't see anything without his glasses .
tom didn't know anything about mary's past .
tom doesn't like mary's living there alone .
tom doesn't remember turning off the light .
tom doesn't think that it'll rain tomorrow .
tom has been patiently waiting all morning .
tom has gotten himself into trouble before .
tom inherited the business from his father .
tom made thirty thousand dollars last week .
tom thought mary was probably about thirty .
tom's behavior never ceases to surprise me .
tom's flight was postponed for three hours .
trade between two countries can be complex .
urgent business kept me from coming sooner .
used car salesmen are a disreputable bunch .
water the flowers before you eat breakfast .
we are anxious about our daughter's health .
we cannot overestimate the value of health .
we communicated with each other by gesture .
we cross the railroad tracks every morning .
we have equipped our office with computers .
we sometimes lack patience with old people .
we were thoroughly satisfied with his work .
we're having some guests over this evening .
where were you when the explosion occurred ?
whoever stole the money should be punished .
why did you choose that particular subject ?
you can probably guess what happens though .
you can't kill someone that's already dead .
you must take advantage of the opportunity .
you should always ask for permission first .
you should ask your parents for permission .
your family should come before your career .
your problems are nothing compared to mine .
your pronunciation is more or less correct .
a jaywalker exposes himself to great danger .
a new school building is under construction .
an extremely terrible thing happened to him .
ancient customs are dying out quickly today .
are there any chinese restaurants near here ?
are you doing anything special this evening ?
attempts to negotiate a peace treaty failed .
daily exercise is essential for your health .
don't count your chickens before they hatch .
don't feel embarrassed . these things happen .
don't waste my time asking stupid questions .
douglas finally agreed to talk with lincoln .
everybody knew she could speak english well .
everyone is responsible for his own actions .
furniture made of good materials sells well .
he reached home shortly before five o'clock .
her novel has been translated into japanese .
her vital signs are being closely monitored .
his novel has been translated into japanese .
hundreds of buffaloes moved toward the lake .
i am alarmed by your irresponsible attitude .
i applied for membership in the association .
i became acquainted with your dad yesterday .
i can't imagine a world without electricity .
i couldn't make myself understood in french .
i don't feel like translating this sentence .
i feel like doing something different today .
i gave careful consideration to the problem .
i haven't eaten anything since this morning .
i hope you'll find this office satisfactory .
i know a good restaurant that's inexpensive .
i persuaded her to make herself comfortable .
i promise you i'll explain everything later .
i think there's something we're all missing .
i think you haven't understood the question .
i want to continue this discussion tomorrow .
i'll monitor your progress from my computer .
i'm looking forward to receiving your reply .
i'm visiting my grandmother in the hospital .
i've almost finished listening to the album .
it's impossible to find parking around here .
japan imports great quantities of crude oil .
japan is located in the northern hemisphere .
let's clean the entire office next saturday .
let's forget about what happened last night .
let's try to clear up this misunderstanding .
life without love is just totally pointless .
london's climate differs from that of tokyo .
many lost their homes during the earthquake .
most of the participants are from australia .
most of this building's tenants are artists .
my apartment is more comfortable than yours .
my father reads the newspaper every morning .
my mom spoke with the school superintendent .
my opinion is entirely different from yours .
my sister is constantly reading comic books .
my sister married her high school classmate .
nobody knows when the earthquake will occur .
okinawa is the southernmost island in japan .
our lives are determined by our environment .
people like him because of his friendliness .
please write down your contact address here .
policemen aren't permitted to drink on duty .
real friendship is more valuable than money .
scotland is famous for its woollen textiles .
she needed someone who would understand her .
she was anxious about her children's health .
she wished to punish only those responsible .
soldiers shared their food with the indians .
something is wrong with our electric heater .
sometimes i'm right and sometimes i'm wrong .
students stand up when their teacher enters .
that movie theater always shows good movies .
the children tried to imitate their teacher .
the doctor says she suffers from rheumatism .
the dragonfly was skimming across the water .
the fireman could not extinguish the flames .
the house was struck by lightning yesterday .
the little boy accidentally broke the glass .
the man charged me with being irresponsible .
the most beautiful girls are from lithuania .
the police uncovered a major drug operation .
the police were suspicious of his movements .
the sidewalk was covered with fallen leaves .
the students have access to these computers .
the surgeon took out his patient's appendix .
the teacher treated all the students fairly .
there are some tomatoes in the refrigerator .
there is nothing as important as friendship .
these problems must be dealt with carefully .
they discussed his proposals at the meeting .
they were prohibited from leaving the hotel .
they're bringing him in for questioning now .
this factory produces 500 automobiles a day .
this plane flies between osaka and hakodate .
those children are waiting for their mother .
tom certainly knows how to entertain people .
tom couldn't answer all of mary's questions .
tom heard someone humming his favorite tune .
tom suggested another plan to the committee .
tom's behavior at the party was inexcusable .
translating this sentence will be very easy .
try putting yourself in your mother's shoes .
under no circumstances can we accept checks .
was that word appropriate in that situation ?
water the flowers before you have breakfast .
we discussed quite a few interesting things .
we don't have class on wednesday afternoons .
we have illustrated the story with pictures .
we receive many telephone calls from abroad .
we should use the electric blankets tonight .
we should've brought another bottle of wine .
we spent our holiday exploring rural france .
we're going to discuss the problem tomorrow .
were you at the library yesterday afternoon ?
what is your greatest source of inspiration ?
what's the weirdest thing you've ever eaten ?
what's your favorite non - alcoholic beverage ?
what's your impression of the united states ?
who's that beautiful woman eating all alone ?
why do americans eat turkey on thanksgiving ?
will you answer all my questions truthfully ?
you have a habit of exaggerating everything .
you must take your parents advice seriously .
you must treat them with more consideration .
you probably already know about our company .
your proposal is worthy of being considered .
a big earthquake occurred in india yesterday .
a great responsibility lies on his shoulders .
agriculture consumes a great amount of water .
all families with children get special rates .
as time passed , the radioactivity diminished .
body temperature is highest in the afternoon .
can you make yourself understood in japanese ?
children often cry just to attract attention .
children usually have faith in their parents .
country people are often afraid of strangers .
don't talk about business while we're dining .
during the night , everything looks different .
english and german are two related languages .
everyone admires the pictures painted by him .
everyone should exercise their right to vote .
father bought me the latest model motorcycle .
germany shares a border with the netherlands .
gunpowder needs to be handled very carefully .
he crosses the railroad tracks every morning .
he denied knowing anything about their plans .
he is still grappling with religious beliefs .
he is well acquainted with french literature .
he was hospitalized for a surgical operation .
he will be playing tennis tomorrow afternoon .
he's an interpreter in an international bank .
hemingway enjoyed big game hunting in africa .
her behavior was appropriate to the occasion .
his grandfather bought him the expensive toy .
his secretary can speak three languages well .
how many different schools have you attended ?
i always take some exercise before breakfast .
i can't always understand everything you say .
i couldn't make myself understood in english .
i didn't mean to interrupt your conversation .
i didn't realize the difference between them .
i don't pretend to understand global warming .
i don't really understand what just happened .
i have absolute confidence in your judgement .
i just can't believe they're getting married .
i was deeply impressed by roman architecture .
i'll never forget visiting paris last summer .
i'm constantly telling her to behave herself .
iceland entered into an alliance with france .
it takes time to develop political awareness .
keep me apprised of any further developments .
let me see your health insurance certificate .
lincoln is admired because of his leadership .
madison made an emotional speech in congress .
maybe tom should've stayed with the children .
mountains look better viewed from a distance .
my father complained about the traffic noise .
new roads were constructed one after another .
nobody could remember the sequence of events .
people used to write books using typewriters .
pilots communicate with the airport by radio .
please don't smoke cigarettes no matter what .
please fill out the customs declaration form .
please keep your cynical remarks to yourself .
please limit your presentation to 30 minutes .
rabbits are related to beavers and squirrels .
school has closed for the christmas holidays .
seven is sometimes considered a lucky number .
she slowly disappeared into the foggy forest .
some abstract art is difficult to understand .
telephone booths are very scarce around here .
that doesn't seem quite so important anymore .
that's a question we're all asking ourselves .
that's enough crying . pull yourself together .
that's reversing the logical order of things .
the president refused to answer the question .
the accountant would not concede the mistake .
the audience clapped loudly after his speech .
the bad weather's preventing me from leaving .
the cook prepares different dishes every day .
the cost of living has increased drastically .
the country is abundant in natural resources .
the hero finally defeated the evil scientist .
the lavishness of the party amazed everybody .
the number of college students is increasing .
the population of this village had decreased .
the president's son leads the special forces .
the royal wedding was a magnificent occasion .
the washing machine is a wonderful invention .
the weather will definitely be good tomorrow .
there is insufficient light to take pictures .
there is nothing more important than friends .
these questions can be answered quite simply .
they're constructing a bridge over the river .
this english composition is far from perfect .
this happened prior to receiving your letter .
tom didn't want to continue the conversation .
tom speaks french better than his classmates .
tom speaks five languages , including russian .
tom wished he could understand french better .
tom's budget contained a lot of guesstimates .
we go mountain climbing almost every weekend .
we reduced our spending during the recession .
we weren't able to determine her whereabouts .
we're planning to spend our honeymoon abroad .
what's the strangest thing you've ever eaten ?
white smoke billowed from the sistine chapel .
you are too critical of others' shortcomings .
you're probably too young to understand this .
your idea is definitely worth thinking about .
above all , logic requires precise definitions .
adding comments makes reading the code easier .
children don't always listen to their parents .
chinese calligraphy is considered an art form .
corporations are competing to fill the vacuum .
democracy is the dictatorship of the majority .
don't expose this chemical to direct sunlight .
everybody in the building felt the earthquake .
generally speaking , japanese are hard workers .
have you studied darwin's theory of evolution ?
he always troubles himself about minor things .
he has postponed his departure until tomorrow .
he taught us that columbus discovered america .
his behavior disappointed many of his friends .
i am already forgetting my grandmother's face .
i can't believe everything that just happened .
i can't believe you're considering doing that .
i can't ignore my commanding officer's orders .
i prefer reading books to watching television .
i sprained my finger while playing volleyball .
i translated everything tom wrote into french .
i'm nervous when speaking in another language .
i'm thinking of learning korean next semester .
i've never been able to handle responsibility .
imagination affects every aspect of our lives .
it's important that i be informed immediately .
looters stole ancient artifacts from the tomb .
many atrocities were committed during the war .
many children at this school are malnourished .
many companies advertise their products on tv .
most big japanese companies depend on exports .
my brother loves taking pictures of mountains .
my wife is always complaining about something .
nuclear power is used to generate electricity .
one's teachers should be treated with respect .
pretty flowers do not necessarily smell sweet .
previously people believed the earth was flat .
pungent fumes arose from the chemical mixture .
several american warships were sent to panama .
she burned herself while lighting a cigarette .
she doesn't like to leave anything unfinished .
she intends to play tennis tomorrow afternoon .
she's only interested in fish and cockroaches .
smoking is prohibited in all public buildings .
some things are perhaps not worth translating .
something very weird happened to me yesterday .
the fbi secretly bugged the mobster's hangout .
the computer is a relatively recent invention .
the country declared war against its neighbor .
the drug addict had to undergo rehabilitation .
the employees voted on the manager's proposal .
the financial crisis has left many unemployed .
the lawyer believed in his client's innocence .
the meeting has been postponed until tomorrow .
the murder charge was reduced to manslaughter .
the result of the experiment was inconclusive .
the salesgirl couldn't open the cash register .
the stock market was surprisingly quiet today .
the students often copy each other's homework .
the urban population of america is increasing .
they adapted themselves to the change quickly .
this book is both interesting and instructive .
this instant soup comes in individual packets .
thousands of foreigners visit japan each year .
tom certainly appeared to be enjoying himself .
tom doesn't always understand what's going on .
tom doesn't know anything about mary's family .
tom just stood there watching everybody dance .
tom quickly realized that something was wrong .
tom should take advantage of this opportunity .
we're investigating the murder of tom jackson .
what's standing between us and that happening ?
why are you protesting against the government ?
you should take advantage of this opportunity .
you'll find yourself in a miserable situation .
a devastating earthquake hit the state capital .
beautiful poppies were growing beside the road .
cold weather and insects destroyed their crops .
did the union participate in the demonstration ?
don't worry about things that aren't important .
driving through that snowstorm was a nightmare .
environmental changes gave rise to new species .
factories were producing more than ever before .
have you been playing basketball all afternoon ?
have you heard anything about the organization ?
he walked down the street whistling cheerfully .
human remains were found during the excavation .
i became acquainted with your father yesterday .
i don't believe we've been formally introduced .
i don't know anything about their relationship .
i fall asleep easily while watching television .
i had a doctor's appointment yesterday morning .
i just thought of something really interesting .
india gained independence from britain in 1947 .
politicians never tell us their inner thoughts .
sake is a traditional japanese alcoholic drink .
several soldiers were injured in the offensive .
she couldn't attend the morning church service .
tensions are growing between the two countries .
the accident happened the day before yesterday .
the accident took place near that intersection .
the armed forces occupied the entire territory .
the construction crews worked around the clock .
the people listened to the speaker attentively .
the policeman arrested him for drunken driving .
the recent advances in medicine are remarkable .
the sentence is free from grammatical mistakes .
the stadium was packed with excited spectators .
the statistics gave ammunition to her argument .
there are grammar mistakes in this composition .
there must be some misunderstanding between us .
these days few people suffer from tuberculosis .
these documents were printed on recycled paper .
they were listening to the lecture attentively .
thousands of foreigners visit japan every year .
thousands of satellites orbit around the earth .
we saw paramedics treating the gunshot victims .
what do you consider your greatest achievement ?
when did america become independent of england ?
women aren't exactly throwing themselves at me .
you should distinguish between right and wrong .
you should've rejected such an unfair proposal .
you shouldn't believe everything tom tells you .
black americans continued to suffer from racism .
certain teachers do not understand this problem .
english has borrowed numerous words from french .
everyone knows that bell invented the telephone .
everyone was really impressed with that machine .
getting people to change is extremely difficult .
he might possibly say something ambiguous again .
here , everybody feels respected and appreciated .
his behavior spoke volumes about his upbringing .
it's about time you stopped watching television .
it's more complicated than i originally thought .
let's compare the translation with the original .
many americans protested the purchase of alaska .
many people believe that money brings happiness .
mastering a foreign language calls for patience .
most people are very passionate about something .
our conversation was interrupted by his sneezes .
over three thousand people attended the concert .
patience is sometimes the most effective weapon .
please translate this japanese text into french .
she acknowledged that she couldn't speak french .
she furnished the room with beautiful furniture .
she goes jogging every morning before breakfast .
some canadian territories have almost no people .
some politicians are wolves in sheep's clothing .
stock prices declined for five consecutive days .
teachers should deal fairly with their students .
the tomei expressway connects tokyo with nagoya .
the accident came about through my carelessness .
the accident happened because he wasn't careful .
the mother occasionally reread her son's letter .
the supermarket is open monday through saturday .
the surgeon forgot something inside the patient .
the teacher recommended that i read shakespeare .
these senseless killings will not go unpunished .
this sentence seems to be grammatically correct .
tom clearly doesn't understand french very well .
tom's workstation is usually tidier than mary's .
we discovered relics of an ancient civilization .
why are conventional language classes so boring ?
your singing puts professional singers to shame .
anything you're good at contributes to happiness .
are you suggesting that we impersonate policemen ?
armies invaded and conquered the enemy territory .
customer satisfaction is our number one priority .
don't let the children monopolize the television .
fur provides animals protection against the cold .
i'm having some problems compiling this software .
it's sometimes difficult to control our feelings .
married people are happier than unmarried people .
my grandmother passed away peacefully last night .
nonstop flights are almost always more expensive .
our dorm's heating system isn't working properly .
rainforests provide the earth with many benefits .
she changed her hairstyle during summer vacation .
the english channel separates england and france .
the policeman promised to investigate the matter .
the princess begged forgiveness from the emperor .
the sentence doesn't have any grammatical errors .
the suitcase contained nothing but dirty clothes .
the weather forecast is not necessarily reliable .
they are collecting contributions for the church .
tom's very unpredictable when he's been drinking .
unfortunately she already has a steady boyfriend .
we confirmed the hotel reservations by telephone .
we must finish everything before tuesday morning .
we should ban advertising aimed towards children .
wearing glasses makes you look more intellectual .
your father's friends aren't his only supporters .
advances in science don't always benefit humanity .
an accident prohibited his attending the ceremony .
are you seriously thinking about getting involved ?
christians view human nature as inherently sinful .
circumstances forced us to cancel our appointment .
dozens of young people attended the demonstration .
father translated the german letter into japanese .
gladiators fought with lions inside the colosseum .
his helplessness appeals to her motherly sympathy .
his supervisor gave him a sterling recommendation .
individual freedom is the foundation of democracy .
many people believe acupuncture can cure diseases .
most french people are against capital punishment .
my mother is constantly forgetting people's names .
racial profiling is a controversial police tactic .
recreational drug use inspires many urban legends .
revolutions that don't succeed are soon forgotten .
the english channel separates france from england .
the conflict began over a simple misunderstanding .
the government's investment will create many jobs .
the students divided themselves into three groups .
there are certainly some points worth considering .
tom's injuries aren't considered life - threatening .
we were hoping something interesting would happen .
young children shouldn't watch so much television .
a hypochondriac imagines maladies where none exist .
agriculture is an important industry in california .
are you seriously thinking about becoming involved ?
draw two concentric circles of differing diameters .
gestures are very important in human communication .
he had little experience with international issues .
i addressed the envelope containing the invitation .
i had some interesting experiences while traveling .
i really appreciated your help yesterday afternoon .
many architectural monstrosities are seen in tokyo .
napoleon's headquarters were in an unused windmill .
the japanese government made an important decision .
the committee consists of scientists and engineers .
we wandered aimlessly around the shopping district .
what's the difference between asteroids and comets ?
employees are prohibited from watching the olympics .
father translated the french document into japanese .
flies and mosquitoes interfered with his meditation .
proper qualifications are required for the position .
the mother and daughter represented two generations .
they guaranteed regular employment to their workers .
certain smells can easily trigger childhood memories .
he spent another sleepless night watching television .
her explanation concerning that matter matches yours .
people with physical disabilities abhor being pitied .
the peasantry revolted wielding pitchforks and clubs .
the police detained several suspects for questioning .
the students demonstrated against the new government .
he went around the neighborhood collecting signatures .
this building is the architect's crowning achievement .
it's impossible to anticipate every possible situation .
parents are responsible for their children's education .
they answered their teacher's question with difficulty .
confessions obtained by torture are generally worthless .
country people are traditionally suspicious of strangers .
ethnic minorities struggle against prejudice and poverty .
many companies monitor their employees' internet activity .
old people have difficulty understanding modern technology .
protesters were picketing outside the company's headquarters .
tyrannical governments frequently imprison their political opponents .
" look , " she said .
for here , or to go ?
i did it on my own .
i had a lot of fun .
i have to eat , too .
i used to be a cop .
i wish i had a car .
i'm not late , am i ?
out of my way , boy .
so , do you like it ?
you can do it , too .
can i go to bed now ?
come on , talk to me .
do we need a plan b ?
do you feel it , too ?
do you like me , too ?
do you mind if i go ?
he's a stand - up guy .
i am a teacher , too .
i am sad to hear it .
i can give it a try .
i did as i was told .
i did it in a hurry .
i did what i had to .
i do not have a cat .
i do the best i can .
i had a lot of help .
i had to do my duty .
i had to lie to tom .
i had to rent a car .
i have to go to bed .
i knew it was a lie .
i know how to do it .
i know we can do it .
i said it as a joke .
i think i can do it .
i want to be a hero .
i want to play , too .
i washed my t - shirt .
i will go if you go .
i'd like to go , too .
it was a lot of fun .
i ’ m able to speak .
let me do it my way .
no , i don't want to .
one of us has to go .
she hit me , not him .
so , what do you say ?
we have a lot to do .
what am i to do now ?
wow ! what a big box !
a cup of tea , please .
all i have is a book .
any of you can do it .
are you with us , tom ?
be quiet , all of you .
be sure to come at 3 .
can i go out to play ?
can i take a day off ?
can i turn on the tv ?
come on , let's do it .
come on , spit it out !
did i give it to you ?
do i have to pay you ?
do you feel up to it ?
do you get up at six ?
do you know who i am ?
do you mind if i sit ?
do you want to do it ?
do you want to go in ?
give me a day or two .
go ahead , try it now .
go and see who it is .
he asked me to do it .
he did as i told him .
he gave me a big hug .
he has a lot of land .
he is a man of faith .
he is as tall as her .
he is cool , isn't he ?
he is now on his own .
he isn't here , is he ?
he said it as a joke .
he was made to do so .
he was put in a cell .
hey , guys . what's up ?
hey , it's not so bad .
how high is mt . fuji ?
i am forced to do it .
i am glad to see her .
i am not well at all .
i beg you to help me .
i beg you to help us .
i can give it a shot .
i can talk for a bit .
i can't do that , sir .
i did it a few times .
i do a lot of things .
i do it all the time .
i do want to open it .
i do want to see you .
i get off there , too .
i go to osaka by bus .
i got an a in french .
i had no time to eat .
i had to act at once .
i hard - boiled an egg .
i have a job for you .
i have a new red car .
i have got to go now .
i have no use for it .
i have seen it a lot .
i have to do my best .
i have to do my hair .
i have to go to work .
i have to see it all .
i hit on a good idea .
i knew i could do it .
i knew it was a joke .
i know i can do that .
i know why he did it .
i leave it up to you .
i let go of the rope .
i live in a big city .
i may as well go now .
i meant it as a joke .
i need to go to work .
i owe a lot of money .
i plan to do it soon .
i think it is a gift .
i think we can do it .
i used to have a dog .
i want to be a nurse .
i want to be at home .
i want to buy a book .
i want to go to mars .
i want to go to town .
i want to rent a car .
i want to see a show .
i want you to try it .
i was born on a ship .
i was ready to do it .
i was stung by a bee .
i will do as you say .
i will give it a try .
i wish i were a bird .
i'll see if he is in .
i'm as tall as he is .
is it ok if we begin ?
is that a bus or car ?
it is no good to you .
it means a lot to me .
it was all a big lie .
it's 99 . 9 % effective .
let's go by taxi , ok ?
love me , love my dog .
may i go out to play ?
my car is out of gas .
my pen is out of ink .
one of them is a spy .
oops , i did it again .
she is in a bad mood .
she was hit by a car .
she ’ s a doctor now .
show me how to do it .
so what do we do now ?
so , what do you mean ?
so , why are you here ?
take it , or leave it .
this is all i can do .
this is for you , tom .
this is how i did it .
tom is a red sox fan .
tom is sad , isn't he ?
tom , can you hear me ?
we are to eat at six .
we are two of a kind .
what a big boy he is !
what am i to do next ?
who said i had a gun ?
you mean a lot to me .
you must do as i say .
all right , i'll do it .
all we can do is hope .
all we can do is wait .
and now , it's my turn !
anyway , i did my best .
are you as tall as me ?
are you in a bad mood ?
at last , my turn came .
buy it for me , please .
can i get you a drink ?
can i give you a ride ?
can i sit next to you ?
can i turn off the tv ?
can we get on with it ?
can you get a day off ?
can you loan me a pen ?
can you show it to me ?
come here , all of you .
come on , let's try it .
did you buy a new car ?
did you say yes or no ?
do i look busy to you ?
do i look dead to you ?
do i look like i care ?
do i look pale to you ?
do i need to say more ?
do it any way you can .
do you have a few cds ?
do you have to go now ?
do you know who he is ?
do you play in a band ?
do you think i did it ?
do you want in or not ?
do you want to try it ?
give him a day or two .
give it to me , please .
he asked me who i was .
he came to pick me up .
he gave it a new name .
he got 90 % in english .
he has a lot of money .
he has a lot of poise .
he has to stay in bed .
he hit me in the face .
he hit me on the head .
he hung on to his job .
he is a man of reason .
he is a man of vision .
he is a man of wealth .
he is a man of wisdom .
he is a sharp - shooter .
he is as good as dead .
he is not kind to her .
he is not what he was .
he is poor , but happy .
he is said to be rich .
he is such a show off .
he is unable to do it .
he is very mean to me .
he let go of the rope .
he made me a new suit .
he may be sick in bed .
he must be a good boy .
he owns a lot of land .
he proved to be a spy .
he sat in front of me .
he took us to the zoo .
he used to read a lot .
hi . how are you doing ?
how am i doing so far ?
how did we not see it ?
how do you make a box ?
how much do i owe you ?
i agree with tom , too .
i am glad to help you .
i am no match for him .
i am too tired to run .
i bet he will get mad .
i can ask tom to help .
i can do it by myself !
i can do this all day .
i can prove it to you .
i can't help you , tom .
i can't . it's too big .
i did try to warn you .
i did what i was told .
i don't know who i am .
i don't need a new tv .
i feed meat to my dog .
i feel like a new man .
i felt a drop of rain .
i go to bed about ten .
i go to school by bus .
i got out of the taxi .
i got soap in my eyes .
i got what i came for .
i had a bad day today .
i had a race with him .
i had to go back home .
i had to leave my job .
i handed a map to him .
i hate the way i look .
i have a favor to ask .
i have a lot of books .
i have a lot of money .
i have a lot to learn .
i have no money on me .
i have no self - esteem .
i have so much to say .
i have to do it again .
i have to feed my cat .
i have to go to sleep .
i hit him on the chin .
i hope i see it again .
i just hope tom is ok .
i know a lot about it .
i know what we can do .
i know why you did it .
i know you can see it .
i lost a lot of blood .
i lost a lot of money .
i love you like a son .
i made a lot of money .
i made a mess of that .
i may need to move on .
i meant to look it up .
i met her an hour ago .
i need to get a stamp .
i need to go to sleep .
i need to pay my rent .
i need to see tom now .
i need to talk to him .
i need to warn my mom .
i need you in my life .
i need you on my side .
i need you to go home .
i put it in your room .
i put it on your desk .
i ran away in a hurry .
i really like it , too .
i ride a bike to work .
i saw tom in the park .
i saw him in the park .
i told her what to do .
i told him what to do .
i told you to call me .
i used to be like you .
i used to be your age .
i used to not do that .
i usually get up at 8 .
i want a book to read .
i want a piece of pie .
i want to be an actor .
i want to be with tom .
i want to be with you .
i want to do it right .
i want to eat a steak .
i want to go home now .
i want to go to tokyo .
i want to go with you .
i want to sing a song .
i want to take a walk .
i want you to be here .
i want you to be safe .
i want you to do this .
i want you to drop it .
i want you to go back .
i want you to go home .
i want you to grow up .
i want you to kiss me .
i want you to want me .
i was forced to do it .
i was not a bit tired .
i watch tv off and on .
i will get it for you .
i will give it to you .
i will go if you come .
i wish i had a camera .
i wish i had seen her .
i wish i had your job .
i wish i were a stone .
i wish to be a doctor .
i'd bet my life on it .
i'd like to buy a map .
i'd like to try it on .
i'm a big fan of golf .
i'm going to be on tv .
i'm on my way to work .
i'm to blame , not you .
if not now , then when ?
if you wish , i'll ask .
in fact , he loves her .
is tom very mad at me ?
is it too far to walk ?
is it worth it or not ?
is that so hard to do ?
is this a gift for me ?
it is a very sad tale .
it is good to see you .
it is too hot to work .
it is too late for me .
it is true in a sense .
it is what i would do .
it may not be a dream .
it's a one - time offer .
it's up to you and me .
let me give you a hug .
may i do it right now ?
may i have a road map ?
may i lie on the sofa ?
may i sit next to you ?
my car ran out of gas .
my house is on a hill .
my nickname is " itch . "
no one here has a car .
no one is in the room .
no one knew who i was .
no one was in the car .
school starts at 8 : 40 .
she and i get on well .
she got him a new hat .
she got me a tiny toy .
she is as tall as you .
she put it in the box .
she went in to get it .
so you give up , right ?
sorry , i've got to go .
tell me how he got it .
tell me . i'm all ears .
that was a lot of fun .
the cat is in the box .
the sun is in the sky .
this is an apple , too .
this is how i made it .
tom has a plan , right ?
tom is a very shy boy .
tom is as old as mary .
tom is in danger , too .
tom is too old for me .
we all got in the car .
we gave it to the man .
we had fun , didn't we ?
we have a lot of time .
we just have to do it .
we live in a big city .
we lost a lot of time .
we saw it on the news .
well , i must be going .
what i can do for you ?
what i need is a beer .
what am i going to do ?
what can i do for you ?
what can i get rid of ?
what did he do to you ?
what did you do to it ?
what do i mean to you ?
what do we have to do ?
what is the cat up to ?
who do you think i am ?
why did you lie to me ?
why do you want a dog ?
you know i have to go .
a fox is a wild animal .
all i want is your cat .
allow us to do our job .
am i on the right road ?
are you going to be ok ?
are you in a good mood ?
are you up to the task ?
buy a book and read it .
can i make you a drink ?
can i open my eyes now ?
can i park my car here ?
can i see you a moment ?
can i see you a second ?
can i take a break now ?
can you call me a taxi ?
can you give me a ride ?
can you give me a sign ?
come on ! we'll be late .
come with me , will you ?
could i work part - time ?
did you agree to do it ?
did you read all of it ?
did you read it at all ?
did you see a bag here ?
did you see him go out ?
did you see what i did ?
did you see who it was ?
do i look happy to you ?
do one thing at a time .
do we have a deal here ?
do what you have to do .
do you know her at all ?
do you know him at all ?
do you know who he was ?
do you know who she is ?
do you mind if i smoke ?
do you see much of him ?
do you see what i mean ?
do you want me to wait ?
do you want to be rich ?
do you want to come in ?
do you want to do this ?
do you want to give up ?
don't be so hard on me .
don't say a word to me .
don't toy with me , tom .
don't try to be a hero .
even a child can do it .
finally , i found a job .
get me a chair , please .
get me a glass of milk .
get me out of here now .
get the door , will you ?
go home . get some rest .
god has a plan for you .
have a seat , won't you ?
he asked a favor of me .
he came when i was out .
he did it just for fun .
he does not wear a hat .
he found me a good job .
he found me a nice tie .
he gave me a ride home .
he gave the dog a bone .
he had a new suit made .
he has a grip of steel .
he has a heart of gold .
he has come a long way .
he is a man of ability .
he is a very smart boy .
he is blind in one eye .
he is equal to the job .
he is in love with her .
he is in need of money .
he is quite an odd man .
he is thick as a brick .
he is used to the work .
he lay down on the bed .
he made a lot of money .
he may have told a lie .
he runs as fast as you .
he said he could do it .
he said that i must go .
he sat down by my side .
he told me where to go .
he took me by the hand .
he used a lot of honey .
he wanted to go to sea .
he was in the hot seat .
he was scared to do it .
he was sick of his job .
he was too old to swim .
he went in place of me .
he went off in a hurry .
he will end up in jail .
he's a man of his word .
he's a weak - willed man .
he's as blind as a bat .
he's here to spy on us .
he's the one , isn't he ?
help me out , would you ?
hey , it's just a story .
how about a cup of tea ?
how can you be so sure ?
how could i lie to you ?
how do i open the hood ?
how do i turn this off ?
how do you want to die ?
how fast can you do it ?
how much is it per box ?
i always get up at six .
i am happy to meet you .
i am no longer a child .
i am not proud of this .
i am ready to help you .
i am taking a bath now .
i asked a favor of him .
i asked her for a date .
i asked him to do that .
i ate lunch in a hurry .
i bared my soul to her .
i begged her not to go .
i bought tom a hot dog .
i bought a dog for him .
i bought her a new car .
i can come if you want .
i can do it all myself .
i can do the job right !
i can't go to the cops .
i can't go to the mall .
i can't put up with it .
i can't wait to eat it .
i change my mind a lot .
i chose him a nice tie .
i could see it was you .
i dare say he is right .
i decided to buy a car .
i did it all by myself .
i did not see the sign .
i did what i was asked .
i didn't do it for you .
i do that all the time .
i do this all the time !
i do this for a living .
i don't know who he is .
i don't like it at all .
i don't want to see it .
i eat a lot of carrots .
i feel a lot safer now .
i feel a sense of duty .
i feel like i know you .
i felt like i was dead .
i gave tom my car keys .
i gave him a few books .
i gave it my best shot .
i go to bed very early .
i go to school on foot .
i got dealt a bad hand .
i got lost in the snow .
i got on the wrong bus .
i got what i asked for .
i grew up near a river .
i guess that she is 40 .
i had a very good time .
i had a very nice time .
i had him fix my watch .
i had him wash the car .
i had my hat blown off .
i had to do this today .
i had to get back home .
i had to get some help .
i had to go to america .
i had to see you again .
i have a bad pain here .
i have a lot of dreams .
i have a right to know .
i have to comb my hair .
i have to do it myself .
i have to get up early .
i have to open my shop .
i have to take an exam .
i hit him in the belly .
i hope it was worth it .
i hope to see it again .
i hope to see you soon .
i just got a new phone .
i just got out of jail .
i just had a bad dream .
i just want to be sure .
i just want to go home .
i knew you could do it .
i know each one of you .
i know how old you are .
i know how they did it .
i know what not to eat .
i know who my enemy is .
i know who that is now .
i know you can make it .
i left it on the table .
i left my card at home .
i like being on my own .
i like that it is soft .
i like you as a friend .
i live in a rural area .
i lost a bunch of keys .
i lost my trust in him .
i made my dog lie down .
i may win if i'm lucky .
i meet him at the club .
i met him in the crowd .
i need a few more days .
i need a new usb cable .
i need to end this now .
i need to find tom now .
i need to go into town .
i need you to fix this .
i need you to see this .
i only have one so far .
i quit a long time ago .
i ran all the way home .
i ran out of the house .
i read a lot of novels .
i read it to my family .
i really do have to go .
i ride my bike to work .
i run five miles a day .
i sat down next to him .
i saw tom a minute ago .
i saw a flock of sheep .
i saw a light far away .
i saw a woman in black .
i saw fear in his eyes .
i saw him wash the car .
i see how you did that .
i seem to have a fever .
i sent an email to you .
i think god is a woman .
i think i broke my leg .
i think i can fix this .
i think i can help tom .
i think i can prove it .
i think i have an idea .
i think i lost my keys .
i think tom has a plan .
i think tom is in love .
i think he is a doctor .
i think we can do that .
i think you lied to me .
i thought i got it all .
i told tom i loved him .
i told tom not to come .
i took a trip to tokyo .
i used to keep a diary .
i wake up at 7 o'clock .
i want a piece of cake .
i want a quart of milk .
i want a word with you .
i want this to be over .
i want to be a teacher .
i want to be an artist .
i want to buy them all .
i want to check it out .
i want to cook for you .
i want to do it myself .
i want to go into town .
i want to go right now .
i want to go to sweden .
i want to hear who won .
i want to ride a horse .
i want to write a book .
i want to write to tom .
i want you out of here .
i want you to be quiet .
i want you to find out .
i want you to see this .
i wanted to rent a bus .
i was able to help her .
i was happy to see him .
i was no match for him .
i was the last to know .
i was there a year ago .
i was very , very lucky .
i wasn't fired . i quit .
i will do it right now .
i will not do it again .
i will wait for a week .
i wish i could see you .
i would like to see it .
i wrote him to ask why .
i'd like to have a cat .
i'd like to rent a car .
i'll be there in a sec .
i'll do the best i can .
i'll see you later , ok ?
i'll take a stab at it .
i'm glad i'm not a dog .
i'm not as busy as tom .
i'm sorry , i really am .
in brief , he was wrong .
in that case , let's go .
in this case , let's go .
is tom out of his mind ?
is he going to help us ?
is it hard to fool you ?
it is me that is wrong .
it is time i left here .
it isn't much of a car .
it was a very big room .
it was a waste of time .
it was as hard as rock .
it was hot in the room .
it was such a nice day .
it's a hard , dirty job .
it's not my cup of tea .
it's not us who did it .
it's time for us to go .
it's time to go to bed .
it's what i want to do .
let me buy you a drink .
let me do this for you .
let me get back to you .
let me get you the key .
let's put it to a vote .
life isn't fair , is it ?
make the new guy do it .
mary is my half - sister .
may i look at the menu ?
may i put it down here ?
may i turn down the tv ?
meet me in the hot tub .
my dog has a long tail .
my life is such a mess .
my mother is on a diet .
new york is a big city .
nice of you to drop by .
no one can go in there .
no one knew what to do .
no one knew who did it .
no one was in the park .
no one was in the room .
now , this is a problem .
of course , he is right .
oh , don't be like that .
oh , don't be so modest .
our tv is out of order .
put it there , not here .
run as fast as you can .
shall i cut it in half ?
she broke the cup , too .
she had a crush on him .
she has no self - esteem .
she is as poor as ever .
she is fit for the job .
she is in need of help .
she is no match for me .
she is very kind to us .
she is wiser than i am .
she kissed me , not him .
she put in for a raise .
she woke up on her own .
show me how to do that .
show me how to do this .
sing us a song , please .
so how did the date go ?
talk to me if you want .
teach me how you do it .
tell tom i'm on my way .
tell me how you did it .
that isn't much , is it ?
that's my cd , isn't it ?
that ’ s what we heard .
the boy sat on a chair .
the cat is in the well .
the cat is on the roof .
the cat sat on the mat .
there's a way to do it .
this is why i hate him .
to me , it is important .
tom can swim , can't he ?
tom had a blue coat on .
tom had to make a fire .
tom has a lot of money .
tom is as tall as mary .
tom is lucky , isn't he ?
tom is obese , isn't he ?
tom is older than i am .
tom is very kind to us .
tom is wiser than i am .
tom says he has a plan .
tom wasn ’ t born rich .
try as hard as you can .
try not to be so tense .
wait for me in the car .
waiter , i need a spoon .
we all had a good time .
we all have jobs to do .
we all want to go home .
we are on the way home .
we are to meet at noon .
we can be a lot better .
we can do a lot better .
we can do it right now .
we can do so much more .
we did all we could do .
we gave the car a push .
we go to school by bus .
we got lost in the fog .
we had a very busy day .
we have run out of gas .
we have to do our best .
we met on a blind date .
we plan to stay a week .
we want to be the best .
we want to have a baby .
we want to talk to tom .
we want to talk to you .
we want you to take it .
we waste a lot of time .
we were all on the bus .
we'll put a stop to it .
what can i do for them ?
what can we do for tom ?
what did i do that for ?
what did she do to you ?
what did you try to do ?
what do i have to lose ?
what do i need to know ?
what do you do for fun ?
what do you have to do ?
what do you like to do ?
what do you mean by it ?
what do you plan to do ?
what do you see in him ?
what do you want to be ?
what do you want to do ?
what is it you kids do ?
what is your name , sir ?
what was in it for you ?
where can i get a taxi ?
where can i rent a car ?
who did you give it to ?
who do we owe money to ?
who do you think he is ?
why did you let tom go ?
why do you want to die ?
will you do me a favor ?
will you give it to me ?
yes , i'm a student too .
you are free to go out .
you are right in a way .
you can go back to bed .
you like it , don't you ?
you may or may not win .
you may use my new car .
you mind if i join you ?
you must do it at once .
you must go to bed now .
you never stop , do you ?
you won't go , will you ?
your bag is on my desk .
" ah " is an interjection .
a bear can climb a tree .
a cup of coffee , please .
a girl can dream , right ?
a good idea came to him .
a lot of people do that .
a lot of people do this .
a pony is a small horse .
all i want is your love .
all of the cake is gone .
all of us know him well .
all of us stared at her .
all right . i'll take it .
am i on the right track ?
are we all going to die ?
are we going for a walk ?
are you here to help us ?
are you ready to go out ?
are you still mad at me ?
bring me the phone , tom .
can i eat my lunch here ?
can i get my phone back ?
can i offer you a drink ?
can i take my shirt off ?
can i turn on the radio ?
can i use a credit card ?
can i write it that way ?
can we afford a new car ?
can you help me find it ?
can you help me , please ?
can you lend me 500 yen ?
can you make it on time ?
can you take on the job ?
come on in and sit down .
could you do me a favor ?
did i ask for your help ?
did tom know what to do ?
did she look in her bag ?
did you buy a new phone ?
did you do what i asked ?
do i look like i'm busy ?
do i really look so sad ?
do you guys need a lift ?
do you guys need a ride ?
do you have any in blue ?
do you know what i mean ?
do you know who made it ?
do you like to be alone ?
do you live in the city ?
do you need a ride home ?
do you talk to your dog ?
do you think tom saw us ?
do you want me to drive ?
do you want me to leave ?
do you want to buy this ?
do you want to go first ?
do you want to see more ?
do you want to sit down ?
do you want to touch it ?
do you want to use mine ?
do you want to watch tv ?
don't ask me to do that .
don't ask me to do this .
don't be too hard on me .
don't let it get to you .
don't put it on my desk .
don't take it out on me .
don't touch me , you pig !
don't try to get up yet .
don't worry . i'll do it .
don't you do this to me .
don't you hang up on me .
don't you know who i am ?
get it out of the house .
get some help , will you ?
give me a cup of coffee .
give me a drink , please .
give me a glass of milk .
go and get me some milk .
go and get me some wine .
go get a drink of water .
he asked us to help him .
he ate all of the apple .
he came here to help me .
he came out of the room .
he can swim like a fish .
he caught me by the arm .
he did it for the money .
he did it in good faith .
he did not get up early .
he did not sleep a wink .
he did not speak at all .
he did what he was told .
he didn't want to do it .
he earns a lot of money .
he gave me a stern look .
he gave the child a toy .
he got lost in the city .
he had a blue jacket on .
he had to carry the bag .
he has a lot of hobbies .
he has a sense of humor .
he has a test next week .
he has bought a new car .
he has no eye for women .
he is a highly paid man .
he is a sort of painter .
he is at home in france .
he is doing a super job .
he is eager to go there .
he is equal to the task .
he is full of new ideas .
he is looking for a job .
he is lying on the sofa .
he is no friend of mine .
he is no longer a child .
he is not honest at all .
he is not like he seems .
he is not wearing a hat .
he is not what he seems .
he is on board the ship .
he is out of the office .
he is said to have died .
he is short , but strong .
he is still on his back .
he is strong as a horse .
he is very good - looking .
he lives in a big house .
he lives in a port town .
he looked me in the eye .
he looked up at the sky .
he made a joke about it .
he met a nice young man .
he put air in his tires .
he runs a lot of hotels .
he saved a lot of money .
he saw a light far away .
he seems to be rich now .
he took her by the hand .
he used to get up early .
he wanted to buy a book .
he wants to talk to you .
he was knee deep in mud .
he was lying on the bed .
he was more than a king .
he was re - elected mayor .
he went out in the rain .
he went out of the room .
he's a cheat and a liar .
he's the same age as me .
his life is in my hands .
his name is known to me .
how can i get to heaven ?
how can i make him stop ?
how can i quit this job ?
how can you be so cruel ?
how did i get into this ?
how did i not know that ?
how did it all work out ?
how did you end up here ?
how did you get in here ?
how do i report a theft ?
how do they seem to you ?
how do you always do it ?
how do you deal with it ?
how do you go to school ?
how do you think i feel ?
how do you think i felt ?
how far is it from here ?
how late may i call you ?
how many do you see now ?
how much did it cost us ?
how soon do you need it ?
how will i pay my debts ?
hurry up ! we'll be late .
i am loved by my mother .
i am too tired to climb .
i am very happy with it .
i am your friend , right ?
i asked him to make tea .
i ate a salad for lunch .
i believe it to be true .
i came back to help you .
i came to give you this .
i can do this all night .
i can make this go away .
i can't change who i am .
i can't do it right now .
i can't do what they do .
i can't go on with this .
i can't help how i look .
i can't let you do that .
i can't put up with him .
i can't tell what it is .
i can't wait to hear it .
i can't wait to hug you .
i can't wait to see you .
i care about all of you .
i caught him by the arm .
i caught him in the act .
i could do that for you .
i could do this all day .
i didn't mean any of it .
i didn't say i liked it .
i do not like the house .
i do not like this song .
i do not need money now .
i do not want any money .
i don't have to be here .
i don't know him at all .
i don't know how i know .
i don't know what it is .
i don't know what to do .
i don't know who did it .
i don't like it , either .
i don't like you at all .
i don't see it that way .
i don't see much of him .
i don't want to be rich .
i don't want to give up .
i don't want to grow up .
i don't want to hear it .
i don't want to see you .
i doubt if he is honest .
i doubt if he will come .
i eat here all the time .
i expect him to help me .
i feel a lot better now .
i feel bad for that guy .
i feel like i could cry .
i feel like such a fool .
i fell in love with her .
i fell in love with you .
i felt like i would die .
i found a place to live .
i found it in the attic .
i gave my sister a doll .
i go to school with him .
i go to work by bicycle .
i got a letter from her .
i got lost in the woods .
i got my hair cut today .
i got up early as usual .
i grew up in this house .
i had a dream about him .
i had a great time here .
i had a promise to keep .
i had a very high fever .
i had some things to do .
i had to get some money .
i had to keep my secret .
i had to look after you .
i had to work on sunday .
i hate math most of all .
i hate to be a nuisance .
i hate to waste my time .
i have a bath every day .
i have a lot of friends .
i have a place to sleep .
i have a very old stamp .
i have bad news for you .
i have come to kill you .
i have no beef with him .
i have no books to read .
i have no choice at all .
i have no desire to try .
i have no proof of that .
i have the ace of clubs .
i have to clean my room .
i have to clean that up .
i have to do this alone .
i have to iron my shirt .
i have to take a shower .
i heard her sing a song .
i hope i'm not too late .
i hope this is worth it .
i hope to hear from you .
i hope to pass my exams .
i hope to see you again .
i hope you are all well .
i just do what i'm told .
i just got back in town .
i just need to be alone .
i just want to be alone .
i just want to be clear .
i just want to be loved .
i just want to have fun .
i just want to help you .
i just want to know why .
i just want you to come .
i knew we would find it .
i know i made a mistake .
i know tom and his wife .
i know how busy you are .
i know that he can draw .
i know that she is cute .
i know when to say when .
i know you want to help .
i know you're busy , too .
i know you've got a gun .
i learned to milk a cow .
i left my watch at home .
i lent my pencil to tom .
i like it more and more .
i like it when it's hot .
i like my job just fine .
i like the way you look .
i like the way you sing .
i like the way you talk .
i like the way you walk .
i like to clean my room .
i like you a great deal .
i live here with my dog .
i live just up the road .
i lost my job on monday .
i lost my way in boston .
i love hard - boiled eggs .
i love the way you kiss .
i love the way you talk .
i love the way you walk .
i love to see you laugh .
i love to see you smile .
i made a fool of myself .
i may swim in the river .
i need to be left alone .
i need to get a haircut .
i need to take a shower .
i need to talk with you .
i need to wash my hands .
i need you to leave now .
i needed tom to do that .
i needed to talk to you .
i never told you to lie .
i no longer need a loan .
i only want to help you .
i owe my success to him .
i owe my success to you .
i owe you a big apology .
i read it in a magazine .
i read one of his works .
i really have to go now .
i really like you a lot .
i really miss you a lot .
i said i would help you .
i said it was all right .
i saw him looking at me .
i saw him sawing a tree .
i saw tears in her eyes .
i saw tears in his eyes .
i saw the cake you made .
i saw what your dog did .
i sent a message to tom .
i share a room with tom .
i showed my room to tom .
i showed my room to him .
i take a bath every day .
i take back what i said .
i think i can do better .
i think i have a cavity .
i think tom can do that .
i think tom is a coward .
i think tom may be dead .
i think tom may be hurt .
i think tom may be sick .
i think tom needs to go .
i think about her a lot .
i think we need to talk .
i think we were lied to .
i thought i saw a ghost .
i thought i was on time .
i thought it was a joke .
i thought we had a deal .
i told tom to ignore it .
i took a picture of her .
i tried to cheer him up .
i use this all the time .
i usually get up at six .
i want tom to come back .
i want tom to read this .
i want a piece of candy .
i want this to be yours .
i want to be a magician .
i want to be left alone .
i want to buy ski boots .
i want to check out now .
i want to do it tonight .
i want to do this alone .
i want to do this later .
i want to do this right .
i want to focus on that .
i want to get this done .
i want to go to seattle .
i want to go to college .
i want to hear from you .
i want to live in italy .
i want to live in tampa .
i want to look like her .
i want to make it right .
i want to read the book .
i want to say i'm sorry .
i want to see a volcano .
i want to see the world .
i want to see you first .
i want to see you laugh .
i want to see you smile .
i want to see your boss .
i want to stay with you .
i want to take it apart .
i want to talk with you .
i want to wash up first .
i want to work with you .
i want you to come back .
i want you to handle it .
i want you to have this .
i wanted tom to help me .
i wanted to ask tom why .
i wanted to go to china .
i wanted to read a book .
i was chosen to do that .
i was happy to help you .
i was lost in the crowd .
i was really mad at tom .
i was scared , of course .
i was shocked to see it .
i was young at the time .
i watch tv now and then .
i went stag to the prom .
i went to kobe by train .
i will not let you pass .
i wish i could help you .
i wish i had eaten more .
i wish he were here now .
i wish to see my father .
i wish we could do that .
i wish we had done more .
i wish you two the best .
i wish you'd talk to me .
i won't miss tom at all .
i wonder if he likes me .
i wonder if he loves me .
i work in a flower shop .
i would like to do more .
i would like to eat now .
i'd better be on my way .
i'd help you if i could .
i'd like to be in paris .
i'd like to be with tom .
i'd like to go home now .
i'd like to go with you .
i'd like to pay in cash .
i'd like to sing a song .
i'd like to take a walk .
i'd like to talk to you .
i'd love to talk to you .
i'll be back in a jiffy .
i'll be back in an hour .
i'll buy a book for tom .
i'll do it by all means .
i'll keep an eye on tom .
i'll leave it up to you .
i'll take that as a yes .
i'm as hungry as a bear .
i'm at a loss for words .
i'm fine . how about you ?
i'm going to do my best .
i'm in way over my head .
i'm lucky to have a job .
i'm not as smart as you .
i'm not in a party mood .
i'm not paid to do that .
i'm not ready to go yet .
i'm not very good at it .
i'm sorry to see tom go .
i'm the one who met him .
i've got a wife at home .
i've got to get to work .
is he a friend of yours ?
is it not a bit extreme ?
is that a picture of me ?
is that all you can say ?
it happens to all of us .
it is dark in that room .
it is fun to play cards .
it is likely to be fine .
it keeps me up at night .
it may be our only hope .
it may be the last time .
it may rain at any time .
it was tom who did that .
it was a fine sunny day .
it was dark in the room .
it was her that told me .
it was her turn at last .
it was not at all funny .
it was out of his reach .
it's tom i want to meet .
it's just a scratch , ok ?
it's just the two of us .
it's very hot , isn't it ?
it's worth a try , right ?
jump as high as you can .
just tell me what to do .
kick as hard as you can .
leave the room as it is .
let me get that for you .
let me get you some ice .
let me know how it goes .
let me take my coat off .
let's go on a road trip .
let's go say hi to them .
like i said , no problem .
may i call on you today ?
may i offer you a drink ?
may i see the wine list ?
may i try on this dress ?
maybe he likes you , too .
my bike has a flat tire .
my house is up the road .
my mother made me a bag .
my uncle came to see me .
my uncle gave me a book .
my wife just had a baby .
nara is as old as kyoto .
new york is a huge city .
no one knows what to do .
no one ran ahead of him .
now , who has a question ?
oh , didn't i mention it ?
please let go of my arm .
shall i get you a chair ?
she came here to see me .
she cut the cake in two .
she drank a cup of milk .
she forced him to do it .
she gave me a shy smile .
she gave us lots to eat .
she got wet to the skin .
she has snow - white skin .
she is a friend of mine .
she is a stranger to me .
she is a very kind girl .
she is in a green dress .
she is in an awful mood .
she is in her hotel now .
she is in love with him .
she is proud of her son .
she made a bet with him .
she made him a new coat .
she made him a new suit .
she must be forty or so .
she told me where to go .
she took him to the zoo .
she took me by the hand .
she was about to go out .
she was in a silk dress .
she's not young , is she ?
should i call you a cab ?
show him how to do this .
show me the way , please .
shut the door , will you ?
sorry , i can't help you .
take a book and read it .
take a look at this map .
tell me that was a joke !
tell me what to do here .
thanks for the heads - up .
that may not be so easy .
that was fun , wasn't it ?
that would not be a lie .
that'll be a lot of fun .
that's a bad day for me .
that's all i had to say .
that's not how i see it .
the tv was on all night .
the baby is one day old .
the best is yet to come .
the box has holes in it .
the box is made of wood .
the car cut to the left .
the car ran into a tree .
the cat is on the table .
the cat ran up the tree .
the dog is on the chair .
the key is on the table .
the pen is on the table .
the radio is a bit loud .
the sheet is on the bed .
the sun is about to set .
the trees were in a row .
the water is waist - deep .
there is a lot of money .
there was a lot of wind .
there's got to be a way .
they go to work on foot .
this area is off - limits .
this is a kind of bread .
this is a very good tea .
this is by far the best .
this is how i cook fish .
this is my brother , tom .
this is not a good sign .
this is not good at all .
this time i will try it .
this used to be my room .
tom and i keep in touch .
tom and i will help you .
tom asked me to be here .
tom ate more than i did .
tom died when he was 97 .
tom got back in the car .
tom got up to help mary .
tom had to do some work .
tom has come to see you .
tom is a friend of mine .
tom is a very good cook .
tom is boring , isn't he ?
tom is drunk as a skunk .
tom is in an angry mood .
tom is in the ski lodge .
tom is lying ill in bed .
tom is not fond of pets .
tom is proud of his car .
tom is proud of his son .
tom is strong , isn't he ?
tom likes the idea , too .
tom ran out of the room .
tom seems to be in love .
tom told me i was wrong .
tom told me you hit him .
tom was bitten by a dog .
tom was shot in the leg .
tom will do a great job .
tom , have you eaten yet ?
was that you in the car ?
we all had a great time .
we all stood up at once .
we are a family of five .
we are a family of four .
we are glad to help you .
we do this all the time .
we gave him up for dead .
we had a real good time .
we have come a long way .
we have to wait for him .
we know how to find tom .
we made it out of there .
we put sugar in our tea .
we saw tom on the beach .
we should be on our way .
we used to live in kobe .
we wasted a lot of time .
we went as far as kyoto .
we're not going , are we ?
what i need is a friend .
what tom said was a lie .
what a lovely day it is !
what am i going to wear ?
what are we going to do ?
what are you doing , dad ?
what are you guys up to ?
what did you buy it for ?
what do i get in return ?
what do we have to lose ?
what do you do in japan ?
what do you like to eat ?
what do you think i did ?
what do you think of it ?
what do you want it for ?
what do you want to eat ?
what do you want to say ?
what does he see in her ?
what gate do i board at ?
what has he done to you ?
what kind of man was he ?
what shall i do with it ?
what sort of play is it ?
what time do you get up ?
when did you go to work ?
when do you want to eat ?
where can i park my car ?
where can i try this on ?
where did i park my car ?
where did i put my coat ?
where did i put my keys ?
where do you want to go ?
which is it going to be ?
who did you think i was ?
who told you to do that ?
why are you all so busy ?
why did i not know this ?
why did he quit his job ?
why did it take so long ?
why did you do all this ?
why did you go to tokyo ?
why do you care so much ?
why do you want to know ?
why do you wear a watch ?
why don't you get a job ?
why don't you let us go ?
why is he looking at me ?
why is he staring at me ?
why's it so hot in here ?
will you turn on the tv ?
would you do it with me ?
would you do me a favor ?
would you draw me a map ?
you are free to go home .
you are in a safe place .
you are to come with me .
you are very dear to me .
you can swim , can't you ?
you can type , can't you ?
you can't do this to me .
you can't do this to us .
you can't get rid of it .
you can't get rid of me .
you caught me off - guard .
you don't know who i am .
you don't smoke , do you ?
you hate tom , don't you ?
you have a lot of books .
you have a lot of nerve !
you have to do it again .
you have to do it today .
you like her , don't you ?
you like him , don't you ?
you make me laugh a lot .
you must be a good cook .
you must go up the hill .
you must not tell a lie .
you need a lot of water .
you need to hit the gym .
you or i will be chosen .
you should go on a diet .
you were all a big help .
a ball hit her right leg .
a glass of water , please .
a lot of time was wasted .
a tea with lemon , please .
actually , i did write it .
after that , he went home .
all i think about is you .
all of them are not poor .
all of us play the piano .
all of you did good work .
all that he says is true .
all the other kids do it .
am i allowed to use this ?
any clever boy can do it .
are we in the same hotel ?
are you all set to leave ?
are you coming in or not ?
are you going to a movie ?
are you going to save us ?
are you making fun of me ?
are you on your way home ?
are you out of your mind ?
are you still in the job ?
as a result , prices rose .
asians eat a lot of rice .
ask her what her name is .
ask your dad to help you .
call me if you need help .
can i ask you a question ?
can i have some more tea ?
can i pay by credit card ?
can i sleep on the couch ?
can i take my jacket off ?
can i try on this jacket ?
can i use my credit card ?
can i write it like that ?
can this be all there is ?
can we make one of those ?
can you explain it to me ?
can you help me a little ?
can you keep it a secret ?
can you pass me the salt ?
can you stay for a while ?
can you take us with you ?
can you tell me about it ?
can you tell me the time ?
can you tell us about it ?
come in , the door's open .
come on any day you like .
correct me if i am wrong .
could i get my ring back ?
could i park my car here ?
could you give me a ride ?
could you lend me a hand ?
did i say i was finished ?
did i say you could talk ?
did she have a hard time ?
did you ever talk to him ?
did you go to the doctor ?
did you have a rough day ?
did you hear what i said ?
did you pay for the book ?
did you sew this by hand ?
do i look like a plumber ?
do it when you have time .
do what you want with it .
do you all feel that way ?
do you also want a shave ?
do you feel like a drink ?
do you have a big family ?
do you have a red pencil ?
do you know how to dance ?
do you know how to drive ?
do you know what he said ?
do you know what love is ?
do you know what this is ?
do you know where i live ?
do you know where she is ?
do you know who they are ?
do you live in this dorm ?
do you mean what you say ?
do you plan to go abroad ?
do you plan to stay long ?
do you talk to your cats ?
do you think tom is sick ?
do you want some of this ?
do you want to get drunk ?
do you want to join them ?
does she have a big nose ?
don't be in such a hurry .
don't call the cops , man .
don't come in ! i'm naked .
don't let tom use my car .
don't let go of the rope .
don't make me beg for it .
don't tell me to go home .
don't tell me to shut up .
don't tell me what i saw .
don't tell me what to do .
don't tell me who i like .
don't try to do too much .
don't worry about it , ok ?
don't you know me at all ?
don't you tell me my job .
don't you want to go out ?
double - click on the icon .
each of them sang a song .
either come in or go out .
either you or i am right .
either you or i am wrong .
fake it till you make it .
get off at the next stop .
get that thing off of me .
get them out of my sight .
give me a bottle of wine .
give me a coffee , please .
give me a glass of water .
give me a hand with this .
give me a piece of chalk .
give me a piece of paper .
give me the bill , please .
give me the salt , please .
give me the same , please .
give the money to my son .
go and see him in person .
good luck to both of you .
grab as much as you need .
have you been out at all ?
have you ever been on tv ?
have you ever seen a ufo ?
have you ever sold a car ?
have you seen my new car ?
he acts like a rock star .
he asked for a pay raise .
he assigned me a new job .
he came down with a cold .
he can't have told a lie .
he caught her by the arm .
he caught me by the hand .
he caught me by the neck .
he cut the apple in half .
he did a pretty good job .
he did it for his family .
he did not die of cancer .
he did the best he could .
he died a few days later .
he does not get up early .
he doesn't have a hat on .
he drank a cup of coffee .
he drew a chair near her .
he fell and hurt his leg .
he fell in love with her .
he fired most of his men .
he found me a good place .
he gave a sigh of relief .
he gave me all his money .
he gave me what i needed .
he had his share of luck .
he had to clean his room .
he has a very good voice .
he has ants in his pants .
he has lots of new ideas .
he invited me to a party .
he is a man of character .
he is a pretty great guy .
he is after a better job .
he is armed to the teeth .
he is busy with his work .
he is by no means bright .
he is employed in a bank .
he is not at all foolish .
he is such a lazy fellow .
he is very fond of music .
he knows a lot of people .
he led us to the station .
he let me leave the room .
he leveled his gun at me .
he lifted her in the air .
he likes to talk of love .
he lives next door to us .
he looked me in the face .
he looks old for his age .
he lost all of his money .
he made a will last year .
he made fun of my accent .
he may have lost his way .
he must be an honest man .
he nudged me to go ahead .
he owns a good few sheep .
he picked up a red stone .
he put on the black coat .
he put on the red jacket .
he runs well for his age .
he saw that he was wrong .
he set his house on fire .
he showed a lot of skill .
he spoke well of her son .
he stole a kiss from her .
he taught me how to swim .
he told me where to shop .
he told us to keep quiet .
he took a taxi both ways .
he took part in the race .
he treats me as an adult .
he used to read at night .
he walked in front of me .
he wanted to be a farmer .
he wants to see us again .
he was alone in the room .
he was every inch a king .
he was given up for dead .
he was happy being a jew .
he was killed in the war .
he was lying on his back .
he was small , but strong .
he was sworn in as mayor .
he was the last to leave .
he was very busy all day .
he went to boston by car .
he will come in a moment .
he will not listen to me .
he will soon be a father .
he wore a light blue tie .
he worked for a rich man .
he would let me help him .
he writes me once a week .
he's a bit of a drunkard .
he's a cold - hearted jerk .
he's in a state of shock .
he's not very good at it .
he's older , but no wiser .
he's the love of my life .
heat is a form of energy .
hello , tom . good morning .
her car is two years old .
here is a letter for you .
his car is gaining on us .
his car is two years old .
hold on a minute , please .
how am i supposed to eat ?
how can you not like him ?
how can you not see that ?
how come the sky is blue ?
how did tom pay the rent ?
how did it go last night ?
how did you all get here ?
how did you know my name ?
how do we open this door ?
how do you feel about it ?
how do you get to school ?
how do you know all that ?
how do you know for sure ?
how do you like new york ?
how do you talk to women ?
how does he go to school ?
how long may i keep this ?
how lucky can one guy be ?
how many cds do you have ?
how many caps do you own ?
how many men do you have ?
how many of us are there ?
how many votes did i get ?
how much tv do you watch ?
how much am i paying you ?
how much do you love tom ?
how much for half a kilo ?
how much time do we have ?
how much will it cost me ?
how often do you see him ?
i admit that i was wrong .
i admit that he is right .
i already gave it to tom .
i am about to leave here .
i am afraid he will fail .
i am content with my job .
i am going to that place .
i am just warming up now .
i am loved by my parents .
i am not romantic at all .
i am only warming up now .
i am quite all right now .
i am ready to follow you .
i am sure of her success .
i am sure of his honesty .
i am sure of his success .
i am tired of hearing it .
i am very poor at sports .
i am willing to help you .
i asked tom for his keys .
i beg to differ with you .
i bet he doesn't make it .
i bought a pair of boots .
i bought a pair of shoes .
i came to talk about tom .
i can barely pay my rent .
i can sing it in english .
i can't afford a pay cut .
i can't be seen with you .
i can't do it right away .
i can't do what tom does .
i can't do what you want .
i can't find what i want .
i can't give up my dream .
i can't go to the police .
i can't go to work today .
i can't help you do that .
i can't keep up with you .
i can't let you in there .
i can't wait to meet him .
i caught her by the hand .
i caught them in the act .
i could keep it a secret .
i cut down a cherry tree .
i did it against my will .
i didn't get any of that .
i didn't know who he was .
i didn't look at my feet .
i didn't mean to hit him .
i didn't plan to hit tom .
i didn't say i liked tom .
i didn't say it was easy .
i didn't see you come in .
i didn't tell you to sit .
i didn't walk for a year .
i didn't want to be seen .
i didn't want to bug you .
i do not like him either .
i don't care if it snows .
i don't care what you do .
i don't do all that much .
i don't feel like it now .
i don't feel well at all .
i don't know how to cook .
i don't know how to swim .
i don't know them at all .
i don't know what i know .
i don't know what to say .
i don't know what you do .
i don't know where it is .
i don't know where to go .
i don't know who you are .
i don't like tom so much .
i don't like any of them .
i don't like that at all .
i don't like to be alone .
i don't mind if it's hot .
i don't want to eat here .
i don't want to go alone .
i don't want to hurt her .
i don't want to hurt you .
i don't want to kill you .
i don't want to tell him .
i don't want you to lose .
i feel better than i did .
i feel like playing , too .
i felt sorry for the boy .
i gave in to her demands .
i go to a driving school .
i go to church every day .
i go to church on sunday .
i go to school every day .
i got her to wash dishes .
i got lost in the forest .
i got on the wrong train .
i got what you asked for .
i grew up in the country .
i guess it's only a joke .
i had a cat named cookie .
i had a checklist i used .
i had a dog named cookie .
i had a stroke last year .
i had nowhere else to go .
i had some time to think .
i had to change the plan .
i had to face this alone .
i had to make a decision .
i had two cups of coffee .
i handed the mike to him .
i hate the guy next door .
i hate this part of town .
i hate to argue with you .
i have a lot of homework .
i have a sharp pain here .
i have a thesis to write .
i have drunk all my milk .
i have good news for you .
i have many things to do .
i have no doubt about it .
i have no memory of that .
i have no time for games .
i have some news for you .
i have to brush my teeth .
i have to come on monday .
i have to cover his loss .
i have to do my homework .
i have to get some sleep .
i have to help my mother .
i have to write a letter .
i hear voices in my head .
i hope she will get well .
i hope that i'll see her .
i hope that you are good .
i hope you don't do that .
i hope you two are happy .
i hope you're happy , too .
i invited her to a movie .
i just don't want to die .
i just need to stay calm .
i just want my life back .
i just want to be normal .
i just want to thank you .
i keep a diary every day .
i kiss with my eyes open .
i knew i'd find you here .
i know i'm alone on this .
i know both of the girls .
i know exactly who it is .
i know that you are busy .
i know that you love tom .
i know the poem by heart .
i know what to watch for .
i know what your name is .
i know who you were with .
i know you did your best .
i know you don't like me .
i know you don't love me .
i learned a lot from tom .
i learned a lot from you .
i left a message for tom .
i like being my own boss .
i like being on the team .
i like it when it's cold .
i like my life right now .
i like that tie of yours .
i like the sound of that .
i like the way you smile .
i like the way you think .
i like to dress this way .
i like to play the piano .
i like to ride on trains .
i like to try new things .
i looked down at the sea .
i looked him in the eyes .
i lost my wife last year .
i lost track of the time .
i love the way you laugh .
i love the way you think .
i love this time of year .
i made a lot of mistakes .
i made him open the door .
i met tom at the library .
i met a friend of mary's .
i met him at the station .
i met him by pure chance .
i met him the day before .
i must decide what to do .
i need to get some sleep .
i need to sleep a little .
i need you to believe me .
i never did get it right .
i never saw him in jeans .
i never saw such a woman .
i never told you to quit .
i often go to the movies .
i often lie about my age .
i only have eyes for you .
i only need two of these .
i paid to have this done .
i plan to go there alone .
i put cream in my coffee .
i ran into an old friend .
i really did learn a lot .
i really had a good time .
i really want to see you .
i regret that i told you .
i rushed out of my house .
i saw tom in the hallway .
i saw tom take your keys .
i saw a whale tail today .
i saw her clean the room .
i saw her play the piano .
i saw him cross the road .
i saw him enter the room .
i saw it from the window .
i saw the movie on video .
i see tears in your eyes .
i see what you did there .
i slept lying on my face .
i stayed at a nice hotel .
i stayed home for a week .
i taught him how to swim .
i think i'll turn in now .
i think tom is a student .
i think it's a good idea .
i think it's worth a try .
i think my leg is broken .
i think that he is right .
i think this one is good .
i think we can do better .
i think we can go faster .
i think we can handle it .
i think we can relax now .
i think we can trust tom .
i think we need a doctor .
i think we need more ice .
i think we should go now .
i think we're out of gas .
i think you should do it .
i think you went too far .
i thought about it a lot .
i thought it was a fluke .
i thought we could do it .
i told tom about my past .
i told you i'm not drunk .
i told you it would work .
i took care of it myself .
i usually wake up at six .
i want my money back now .
i want to find true love .
i want to go out tonight .
i want to hold your hand .
i want to join your team .
i want to know about you .
i want to make her happy .
i want to make you happy .
i want to make you smile .
i want to read this book .
i want to see for myself .
i want to see them again .
i want to see your house .
i want to test my limits .
i want to think about it .
i want to write a letter .
i want you all to myself .
i wanted him to go there .
i was afraid i'd be late .
i was asked to wait here .
i was at a movie theater .
i was caught in a shower .
i was frozen to the bone .
i was just going to work .
i was just in the shower .
i was late for the train .
i was moved by his tears .
i was on the wrong track .
i was on time for dinner .
i was scratched by a cat .
i was trying to find tom .
i was unable to save tom .
i was ushered to my seat .
i was waiting for a taxi .
i wash my hair every day .
i went there to meet him .
i went to see my parents .
i will be busy next week .
i will be sixteen in may .
i will call on you again .
i will come by all means .
i will explain it to her .
i will explain it to him .
i will go to the meeting .
i will have to help them .
i will never do it again .
i will write to you soon .
i wish i had married her .
i wish it were that easy .
i wish this was all over .
i wish you all good luck .
i won't be able to sleep .
i won't be wearing a tie .
i won't give them to you .
i won't let you go there .
i wonder if tom can come .
i wonder if he will come .
i wonder if he's at home .
i wonder if this is love .
i wonder where he is now .
i wonder why he did that .
i would like to kiss you .
i would like to meet you .
i wrote to you from iraq .
i'd be happy to help you .
i'd better go to bed now .
i'd like tom to be happy .
i'd like a glass of beer .
i'd like a word with tom .
i'd like to be a teacher .
i'd like to be alone now .
i'd like to get a refund .
i'd like to go to france .
i'd like to go to hawaii .
i'd like to go to london .
i'd like to pay by check .
i'd like to pay you back .
i'd like to see a doctor .
i'd like to write a book .
i'd like you to meet him .
i'd love to sing for you .
i'll be back in a minute .
i'll be glad to help him .
i'll be there in an hour .
i'll fix it up all right .
i'll go and get you some .
i'll make this up to you .
i'll make you a new suit .
i'll take what i can get .
i'll try to fix it later .
i'm a long way from home .
i'm a member of the team .
i'm as tall as my father .
i'm doing the best i can .
i'm glad no one got hurt .
i'm glad to see you back .
i'm glad to see you here .
i'm going to be a father .
i'm going to be a lawyer .
i'm going to hang up now .
i'm going to hit the hay .
i'm going to shut up now .
i'm going to sleep on it .
i'm going to take a bath .
i'm going to take my car .
i'm in a better mood now .
i'm in a good mood today .
i'm in no hurry to leave .
i'm not about to ask him .
i'm not going to sell it .
i'm not sure i like this .
i'm not that type of guy .
i'm not very eager to go .
i'm sorry for what i did .
i'm sure i can do better .
i'm too busy to help her .
i'm too busy to help him .
i'm too drunk to do that .
i'm very glad to see you .
i'm very proud of my son .
i've got to do my chores .
i've got to speak to you .
i've thought of it a lot .
if that happens , call me .
is it this hot every day ?
is it your fault or ours ?
is there a letter for me ?
is there a zoo in boston ?
is this bag yours or his ?
is this cage shark - proof ?
is your name on the list ?
it doesn't work , does it ?
it feels good to be back .
it gave me quite a shock .
it is going to rain soon .
it is none the less true .
it is not a real mansion .
it is really nice of you .
it is wrong to tell lies .
it makes no sense at all .
it seems that he is rich .
it sounds like a fun job .
it takes one to know one .
it turned out to be true .
it was all a big mistake .
it was an act of courage .
it was just as i thought .
it wasn't much of a plan .
it wasn't much of a view .
it wasn't much of a yard .
it won't cost you a dime .
it won't hurt , i promise .
it's a sign of the times .
it's a tough place to be .
it's all in a day's work .
it's good to talk to you .
it's hot today , isn't it ?
it's junk . throw it away .
it's my duty to help you .
it's my fault , not yours .
it's too early to get up .
it's too good to be true .
just give me what i want .
just take my word for it .
keep an eye on the girls .
leave your desk as it is .
let me open it by myself .
let me tell you a secret .
let's leave it up to him .
look what i made for tom .
may i ask where you work ?
may i ask you a question ?
may i go to the bathroom ?
may i offer you my chair ?
may i use your car today ?
maybe we can make a deal .
meet me at the hotel bar .
music is a gift from god .
my aunt gave me a camera .
my aunt gave me an album .
my boys are all grown up .
my career is on the line .
my day ends at 5 o'clock .
my family is a large one .
my fate is in your hands .
my father gave me a game .
my father is in his room .
my husband is a good man .
my life is in your hands .
my mother is sick in bed .
my printer is low on ink .
my son has a black beard .
my son is taller than me .
my uncle gave me his car .
my wife is a poor driver .
no one can figure it out .
no one has ever seen god .
no one knows what to say .
no one wants to go there .
not all of them are busy .
now this is more like it .
of course , i feel guilty .
one of the dogs is alive .
our class is a small one .
our dog is in the kennel .
our work is all over now .
owls can see in the dark .
pass me the salt , please .
pass me the wine , please .
put the book on the desk .
put the gun on the table .
say what you have to say .
she asked me where to go .
she caught me by the arm .
she cut the apple in two .
she found me a good seat .
she gave a cat some milk .
she gave him a big smile .
she had a new dress made .
she had a strange hat on .
she has had to stay here .
she is a child after all .
she is all skin and bone .
she is at work right now .
she is deaf to my advice .
she is hard up for money .
she is no stranger to me .
she is not afraid to die .
she is not very well off .
she is one of my friends .
she knows what to do now .
she looked me in the eye .
she looked up at the sky .
she made me a nice dress .
she made the doll for me .
she met him on the beach .
she must have told a lie .
she ordered a cup of tea .
she ordered him to do it .
she read one poem to him .
she seems to be very ill .
she told me she loved me .
she took a trip to paris .
she took him to the lake .
she tried on a new dress .
she wants to read a book .
she was eager to go home .
she was equal to the job .
she was late for the bus .
she was very rude to him .
she waved her hand to me .
she waved her hand to us .
she will be back at five .
she will be there by now .
she's at work , isn't she ?
she's not as old as mary .
shut up and let me think .
sorry , i didn't hear you .
sorry . it's all my fault .
stop being so nice to me .
study as hard as you can .
take as long as you need .
take as many as you want .
take as much as you like .
take as much as you want .
tell her that i love her .
tell me what i did wrong .
ten years is a long time .
that car has a roof rack .
that cost a lot of money .
that is all that he said .
that might not be so bad .
that toy is made of wood .
that was all greek to me .
that was only a year ago .
that's all i can ask for .
that's all i have to say .
that's all i want to say .
that's how i would do it .
that's not for me to say .
that's not my cup of tea .
that's the best i can do .
that's the way i like it .
that's what i do all day .
that's what i have to do .
that's what i like to do .
that's what i need to do .
that's what i want to do .
the area is built up now .
the baby is able to walk .
the boat sank in a flash .
the book is on the table .
the book is out of print .
the boy fell off the bed .
the bus stop is close by .
the car has a new engine .
the cat is in its basket .
the cat sat on the table .
the desk is made of wood .
the dog seems to be sick .
the food is on the table .
the girl let the bird go .
the gown is made of silk .
the house is on the hill .
the plural of ox is oxen .
the rent is far too high .
the sky is full of stars .
the sun sets in the west .
the tip of the key broke .
the train got in on time .
the two of them split up .
the worst is yet to come .
they are all alike to me .
they are as strong as us .
they ate up all the cake .
they did not clap for us .
they met on a blind date .
they say he is very rich .
they sent me to kill you .
they set out on a picnic .
they set to work at once .
they were seen to go out .
this food is gluten - free .
this happened to us , too .
this has to be a mistake .
this is a friend of mine .
this is a very tall tree .
this is as heavy as lead .
this is going to be easy .
this is not what we want .
this is such a sad story .
this is the worst of all .
this is what you must do .
this is where i was born .
this old coat has had it .
this one is a lot easier .
this was a gift from tom .
this was meant as a joke .
this will be on the test .
this will do for a chair .
tokyo is a very big city .
tom asked us to sit down .
tom came here to help me .
tom can sleep in my room .
tom died a few years ago .
tom has a lot of enemies .
tom has a son named john .
tom has a very large ego .
tom has no chance , right ?
tom is a really cool guy .
tom is hard up for money .
tom is looking for a job .
tom is making me do this .
tom is nervous , isn't he ?
tom is on the honor roll .
tom is proud of his sons .
tom is taking care of me .
tom is very good - looking .
tom isn't serious , is he ?
tom knows a lot of songs .
tom left his dog at home .
tom must be proud of you .
tom needs to do that now .
tom ran all the way home .
tom said he wants to die .
tom said he would buy it .
tom sat down on the sofa .
tom says a lot of things .
tom says he didn't do it .
tom sold his car to mary .
tom told mary to shut up .
tom told me to wait here .
tom used to be a soldier .
tom used to love his job .
tom wants me to help him .
tom wants to go with you .
tom wants to sleep on it .
tom wants to talk to you .
tom was going to help us .
tom was having a bad day .
tom was shot in the head .
tom , it's not your fault .
tom , you should see this .
was he lying on his back ?
was that you at the door ?
we all had the same idea .
we all have our off days .
we are all happy to help .
we are going to the shop .
we are not all that safe .
we are sold out of jeans .
we ate at the food court .
we bought a pound of tea .
we can't get out of this .
we caught him red - handed .
we did what we were told .
we eat soup with a spoon .
we expect a lot from him .
we go to school to learn .
we go to the same school .
we have no more in stock .
we have run out of sugar .
we have to do that today .
we have to make a choice .
we have to start at once .
we hope to see you again .
we just want to be happy .
we just want to have fun .
we leave in half an hour .
we live in a remote area .
we lost all of our money .
we need to do this right .
we now come to the point .
we slept in the same bed .
we take a bath every day .
we tried to cheer him up .
we want to talk with tom .
we went there for a week .
we went to boston by bus .
we were all so busy then .
we're in kind of a hurry .
we're not going to do it .
what a nice thing to say !
what am i supposed to do ?
what did i forget to say ?
what did i just tell you ?
what did you do that for ?
what do you do on sunday ?
what do you have in mind ?
what do you have to lose ?
what do you intend to do ?
what do you need to know ?
what do you think he did ?
what do you think of him ?
what do you think of war ?
what do you want to have ?
what do you want to know ?
what he said is not true .
what is it that you want ?
what is it you want most ?
what kind of man are you ?
what should i say to tom ?
what time do you go home ?
what were you doing , dad ?
when can i see you again ?
when did i ever hurt you ?
when did i give you that ?
when did i tell you that ?
when did he go to europe ?
when will i get to tokyo ?
where are we going to go ?
where can i buy a ticket ?
where can i get a ticket ?
where did i put that box ?
where do we go from here ?
where do you want to eat ?
which one of them was it ?
who do you think you are ?
who have you told so far ?
why are you all so happy ?
why are your eyes so big ?
why can't we do this now ?
why did i ever marry you ?
why did tom quit his job ?
why did you buy a flower ?
why did you buy this car ?
why did you get so angry ?
why did you open the box ?
why do you feel that way ?
why do you need a doctor ?
why do you use this font ?
why does my dog hate tom ?
why does she look so sad ?
why don't we take a taxi ?
why is my sister so mean ?
why is she looking at me ?
why not go to the movies ?
why won't you look at me ?
will you send it by mail ?
will you take on the job ?
would you like to see it ?
yeah , you could be right .
you and i made a bargain .
you are my pride and joy .
you are not at all wrong .
you can ask tom for help .
you can come at any time .
you can dance , can't you ?
you can eat all you want .
you can only use it once .
you can stay at my place .
you can stay if you like .
you can wait for me here .
you can't dance , can you ?
you can't do it too soon .
you could be one of them .
you don't have to eat it .
you get what you pay for .
you have my word on that .
you have to come with me .
you have to wait in line .
you like cats , don't you ?
you like rain , don't you ?
you made me lose my mind .
you may come if you like .
you may go if you choose .
you may still be in luck .
you must not stay in bed .
you need a change of air .
you need to take a break .
you ought not to miss it .
you should try to see it .
you swim well , don't you ?
you were kind to help me .
you were right , you know .
you won't stay , will you ?
you work here , don't you ?
you'd be the one to know .
you'd do the same for me .
you're not that old , tom .
you've got a lot of guts .
your book is on the desk .
yours is not bad , either .
a button came off my coat .
a decision had to be made .
a fork fell off the table .
a gun might come in handy .
a horse can run very fast .
a man began to follow tom .
a policeman came up to me .
a rat ran across the road .
a tear ran down her cheek .
air is a mixture of gases .
all of my things are gone .
are we still on for later ?
are you going home by bus ?
are you going to eat that ?
are you going to warn tom ?
are you here to arrest me ?
are you looking for a job ?
are you no longer in pain ?
are you out of your minds ?
are you trying to kill me ?
at first , it is difficult .
at what hour was she born ?
at what time did he leave ?
bathe the baby , won't you ?
be quiet and listen to me .
both of us are from tampa .
bring me a glass of water .
bring me a piece of chalk .
bring me the menu , please .
bring the water to a boil .
can i buy only the lenses ?
can i go swimming , mother ?
can i take a picture here ?
can i take your order now ?
can it really be this bad ?
can we get this gate open ?
can we go over my options ?
can we stay ahead of them ?
can you cash these for me ?
can you come to the party ?
can you crank up the heat ?
can you get my bill ready ?
can you guess what i have ?
can you pay me in advance ?
come and have tea with me .
come and see me right now .
come at any time you like .
could you go to the store ?
could you turn off the tv ?
cut the cake with a knife .
did i say your name right ?
did he look like a doctor ?
did you go out last night ?
did you grow up in boston ?
did you have a good sleep ?
did you make up your mind ?
did you read what i wrote ?
did you talk to your wife ?
do a better job next time .
do they know that we know ?
do you eat rice every day ?
do you have a better idea ?
do you have a credit card ?
do you have a few minutes ?
do you have a larger size ?
do you have a points card ?
do you have a twin sister ?
do you have to work today ?
do you keep a dream diary ?
do you know how they knew ?
do you know what she said ?
do you know where he went ?
do you know where we live ?
do you know who said that ?
do you like rock and roll ?
do you like tea or coffee ?
do you need a few minutes ?
do you need to drink wine ?
do you really want to win ?
do you think i don't care ?
do you think i'm an idiot ?
do you think i'm to blame ?
do you think i'm too tall ?
do you think tom hates me ?
do you think this is real ?
do you use all this stuff ?
do you want a little cake ?
do you want to come along ?
does he know how you feel ?
does he know what you did ?
does this look good on me ?
don't be so noisy , please .
don't let him do it alone .
don't let them get to you .
don't lie . tell the truth .
don't look at me that way .
don't make me do it again .
don't tell me what i know .
don't tell me what to say .
don't tell the others , ok ?
don't thank me . thank tom .
don't treat me like a dog .
don't you have work to do ?
don't you know what it is ?
don't you talk back to me .
english is hard , isn't it ?
forget it . it's too risky .
get that dog away from me .
give that book back to me .
go and sit by your father .
god knows that it is true .
good luck . you'll need it .
grab the end of this rope .
have you ever loved a man ?
have you seen my car keys ?
he advised me to go there .
he asked me what i needed .
he began to look for work .
he bought a dress for her .
he can run faster than me .
he can speak russian , too .
he can't afford a new car .
he can't be an honest man .
he caught hold of my hand .
he cut down a cherry tree .
he did it out of kindness .
he did it with great zeal .
he did not like to travel .
he didn't get paid for it .
he died of a heart attack .
he does it faster than me .
he does this all the time .
he donated a lot of money .
he drank a bottle of wine .
he failed to come on time .
he fell down on the floor .
he fell into a deep sleep .
he forced her to sit down .
he gave me a vague answer .
he goes to school on foot .
he has all kinds of books .
he helped me fix my watch .
he hit on a splendid idea .
he is a danger to society .
he is a little over forty .
he is a novelist and poet .
he is always day - dreaming .
he is capable of doing it .
he is either drunk or mad .
he is inclined to be lazy .
he is inclined to get mad .
he is more clever than me .
he is nothing but a child .
he is old enough to drink .
he is one of my neighbors .
he is playing in his room .
he is very afraid of dogs .
he is very friendly to us .
he just wants to have fun .
he keeps his age a secret .
he likes his school a lot .
he likes to live in tokyo .
he lives in a large house .
he lives in the next town .
he looked like a rich man .
he looks good for his age .
he lost sight of the bird .
he must be from the south .
he ordered me to go alone .
he ordered me to stand up .
he promised not to say it .
he put milk in his coffee .
he ran the fastest of all .
he rang me up at midnight .
he sat next to the stream .
he seems to have been ill .
he seldom comes to see me .
he showed off his new car .
he sold all that he owned .
he studied to be a doctor .
he swims better than i do .
he taught me how to drive .
he tends to talk too much .
he thinks he can prove it .
he thought of a good idea .
he treats me like a child .
he tried hard , but failed .
he tried it with a friend .
he tried to open the door .
he walked at a quick pace .
he wanted to buy the book .
he wanted to come with us .
he wants to go to america .
he wants to learn to swim .
he wants you to come home .
he was afraid of his wife .
he was afraid of the dark .
he was alone in the house .
he was blue from the cold .
he was looking at the sky .
he was lying on the couch .
he was lying on the grass .
he was more or less drunk .
he was not a good speaker .
he was not happy about it .
he was regarded as a hero .
he was sitting next to me .
he was too angry to speak .
he was too tired to study .
he was wounded in the war .
he went back to the store .
he went to london in 1970 .
he will be a good husband .
he will be a good teacher .
he will make you eat dirt .
he will not agree with us .
he will not do it anymore .
he works as a gym teacher .
he works in a call center .
he wrote a lot of stories .
he wrote me a love letter .
he'll help you if you ask .
he's agreed to do the job .
he's almost as tall as me .
he's as strong as a horse .
he's good at what he does .
he's like a brother to me .
he's scared to talk to me .
help me for just a minute .
hey , what's all the noise ?
his career is on the line .
his house is easy to find .
his smile put her at ease .
his story may not be true .
how about a cup of coffee ?
how are we doing for time ?
how can you be so callous ?
how can you be so selfish ?
how come you know so much ?
how could you be so cruel ?
how did i let this happen ?
how did tom and mary meet ?
how did you get so strong ?
how did you hear about us ?
how did you hear the news ?
how did you hurt your arm ?
how did you know all that ?
how did you lose your arm ?
how do i delete this file ?
how do i get to chinatown ?
how do you come to school ?
how do you even know that ?
how do you heat the house ?
how do you know it's real ?
how do you know it's true ?
how do you like this town ?
how do you live like this ?
how do you live with that ?
how fast does this car go ?
how late do you stay open ?
how long has he been dead ?
how long will you be here ?
how many bags do you have ?
how many cars do you have ?
how many cats do you have ?
how many kids do you have ?
how many of us were there ?
how many of you are going ?
how many of you are there ?
how many of you live here ?
how many pens do you have ?
how much does a beer cost ?
how much does the job pay ?
how much is it in dollars ?
how much sugar do you use ?
how much time did we lose ?
how old is the oldest one ?
how will he pay his debts ?
how will we pay our debts ?
i already know who did it .
i already took care of it .
i am acting for my father .
i am afraid it's too late .
i am delighted to be here .
i am feeling sad about it .
i am forever in your debt .
i am going to be fourteen .
i am going to get dressed .
i am hanging up my shirts .
i am living with my uncle .
i am not a morning person .
i am not on call tomorrow .
i am on holiday this week .
i am sorry to trouble you .
i am talking to my sister .
i am through with my work .
i am used to living alone .
i am using a new computer .
i am very busy these days .
i apologize to all of you .
i ate too much last night .
i awoke from a long dream .
i believe i can trust you .
i believe tom can do that .
i bought a pair of gloves .
i bought this tv from tom .
i can deliver that to tom .
i can do better than this .
i can do without his help .
i can't afford to do that .
i can't bend my right arm .
i can't catch up with tom .
i can't do more than that .
i can't do this by myself .
i can't do this job alone .
i can't get back to sleep .
i can't go back to prison .
i can't just kick tom out .
i can't let them catch me .
i can't live without a tv .
i can't see what you mean .
i can't shake off my cold .
i can't think of his name .
i can't wait to get there .
i cut myself with a knife .
i did all the work myself .
i did it out of curiosity .
i did just like you asked .
i did nothing of the sort .
i did think tom might win .
i didn't do it on purpose .
i didn't go to the market .
i didn't hear you come in .
i didn't know what to say .
i didn't mean to hurt you .
i didn't mean to kill him .
i didn't say it like that .
i didn't say you did that .
i didn't sign up for this .
i didn't want any of that .
i didn't want to help tom .
i didn't want you to know .
i disposed of my old coat .
i do anything i feel like .
i do not love him anymore .
i don't believe any of it .
i don't care what he does .
i don't even want to know .
i don't feel at ease here .
i don't get what you mean .
i don't have much to lose .
i don't have time to read .
i don't have time to talk .
i don't know how to drive .
i don't know what fear is .
i don't know what that is .
i don't know what this is .
i don't know what to sing .
i don't know where tom is .
i don't like both of them .
i don't like men like him .
i don't meet him so often .
i don't mind if you leave .
i don't mind if you smoke .
i don't really have a gun .
i don't think it's a wolf .
i don't want to be chosen .
i don't want to be killed .
i don't want to be pitied .
i don't want to fight you .
i don't want to forget it .
i don't want to handle it .
i don't want to leave tom .
i don't want to leave you .
i don't want to live here .
i don't want to lose mary .
i don't want to marry you .
i don't want to play golf .
i don't want to shoot you .
i don't want to upset you .
i don't want you to leave .
i don't want you to panic .
i don't want you to worry .
i don't wish to anger you .
i enjoy it more each time .
i feel a lot better today .
i feel like i'm going mad .
i feel like such an idiot .
i feel like taking a rest .
i feel like taking a walk .
i feel so alive right now .
i feel tired all the time .
i feel very sorry for him .
i fell when i was running .
i felt like such an idiot .
i find it hard to believe .
i flunked two of my tests .
i forgot it in the garage .
i forgot to ask your name .
i forgot to bring the map .
i forgot to lock the door .
i found out where she was .
i go swimming once a week .
i go to school by bicycle .
i got married 8 years ago .
i got the ticket for free .
i got there ahead of time .
i got tired with the work .
i guess i should be going .
i guess that's all i need .
i had a good night's rest .
i had a good time tonight .
i had him repair my watch .
i had my doubts about you .
i had to change the rules .
i had to refuse her offer .
i hate this kind of place .
i have a decision to make .
i have a delivery for you .
i have a delivery to make .
i have a few friends here .
i have a little money now .
i have a lot of neighbors .
i have a lot of questions .
i have a much better idea .
i have a schedule to keep .
i have a solution in mind .
i have a very good memory .
i have an apology to make .
i have at least ten books .
i have been to kyoto once .
i have bigger fish to fry .
i have feeling in my legs .
i have just what you need .
i have met him many times .
i have my share of doubts .
i have no control over it .
i have not seen him since .
i have nothing else to do .
i have run short of money .
i have said no such thing .
i have six mouths to feed .
i have some gifts for you .
i have some money with me .
i have some reading to do .
i have some very bad news .
i have some very sad news .
i have to clean the house .
i have to do what's right .
i have to get dressed now .
i have to make a decision .
i have to make some calls .
i have to take the chance .
i heard a noise behind me .
i heard you bought a boat .
i hope i'll see you again .
i hope i'm not boring you .
i hope he will get better .
i hope this data is wrong .
i hope this isn't a dream .
i hope we didn't wake you .
i hope we're not too late .
i hope you can forgive me .
i hope you two are hungry .
i just can't do that here .
i just can't get it right .
i just don't feel like it .
i just found an old diary .
i just found out about it .
i just got here last week .
i just got some good news .
i just kept my mouth shut .
i just need a little time .
i just want a normal life .
i just want to be perfect .
i just want to watch this .
i just want you to listen .
i kind of like this place .
i kissed her on the mouth .
i knew i'd seen it before .
i knew my time would come .
i knew there was a reason .
i knew this was a mistake .
i knew you couldn't do it .
i knew you were behind it .
i know i'm in trouble now .
i know tom isn't a racist .
i know exactly how it was .
i know exactly what to do .
i know exactly where i am .
i know how hard it's been .
i know how to handle this .
i know how to settle this .
i know just what you need .
i know that tom loves you .
i know that was a mistake .
i know that you live here .
i know what it feels like .
i know what this is about .
i know who asked you here .
i know you don't trust us .
i know you hired a lawyer .
i know you must be afraid .
i left the money with him .
i like both dogs and cats .
i like the way she smiles .
i like to help my friends .
i like to play with words .
i like your hair that way .
i live and work in france .
i looked all over for tom .
i love both cats and dogs .
i love going to the beach .
i love the way tom thinks .
i love three - day weekends .
i love you more than ever .
i may actually have to go .
i may give it another try .
i may have made a mistake .
i missed you guys so much !
i must have caught a cold .
i need a little help here .
i need a little more time .
i need a receipt for that .
i need change for the bus .
i need some time to think .
i need someone to hold me .
i need this more than you .
i need to borrow your car .
i need to borrow your pen .
i need to buy some stamps .
i need to change my shirt .
i need to change my tires .
i need to find a restroom .
i need to get started now .
i need to see you tonight .
i need to take monday off .
i need to take your pulse .
i need to talk to someone .
i need to write that down .
i often stay up all night .
i perspire a lot at night .
i planned a party for tom .
i plucked a daisy for her .
i prefer to go by bicycle .
i punched him in the chin .
i rarely go to the movies .
i read a lot of magazines .
i read all kinds of books .
i read the new york times .
i really do love your tie .
i really don't want to go .
i really feel like a beer .
i really need a drink now .
i really want to kiss you .
i really want you to quit .
i reckon you should do it .
i saw tom three hours ago .
i saw her spike his drink .
i saw him enter the store .
i saw him three years ago .
i see how dangerous it is .
i should ask , shouldn't i ?
i should get back to work .
i shut the door behind me .
i smoked when i was young .
i sold it for ten dollars .
i stayed at a cheap hotel .
i studied a lot in school .
i suppose i could do that .
i suppose it's time to go .
i suppose you have a plan .
i suspected he was a liar .
i take it you don't agree .
i think i broke his heart .
i think i can answer that .
i think i see the problem .
i think i touched a nerve .
i think i'll buy this tie .
i think tom can help mary .
i think tom could be sick .
i think tom has gone away .
i think tom will tell you .
i think about tom all day .
i think it's a great idea .
i think it's the best way .
i think that he has mumps .
i think that he is honest .
i think that it's too big .
i think that was the plan .
i think the story is true .
i think we have a problem .
i think we need more food .
i think we need more time .
i think you can handle it .
i think you did very well .
i think you might like it .
i think you might need me .
i think you need a lawyer .
i think you should get it .
i think you should go now .
i think you're in my seat .
i thought i heard a voice .
i thought i was too young .
i thought i'd be too late .
i thought about you a lot .
i thought it might be you .
i thought it was a secret .
i thought it would be fun .
i thought that was my job .
i told you i'm not hungry .
i told you it didn't work .
i used to like folk music .
i usually get what i want .
i usually go home at four .
i waited for him till ten .
i want a few more minutes .
i want someone to talk to .
i want the truth from you .
i want to avoid rush hour .
i want to be a lumberjack .
i want to be an astronaut .
i want to become a singer .
i want to change my shirt .
i want to do what's right .
i want to eat korean food .
i want to figure this out .
i want to forget about it .
i want to hear you scream .
i want to join your group .
i want to know the reason .
i want to know who called .
i want to make this quick .
i want to play the guitar .
i want to scratch my nose .
i want to see your mother .
i want to shake your hand .
i want to stretch my legs .
i want to travel with you .
i want to watch you dance .
i want to write this down .
i want you to be prepared .
i want you to go upstairs .
i want you to handle this .
i want you to work harder .
i wanted to show you this .
i wanted to talk about it .
i wanted to tell you that .
i wanted to watch you die .
i wanted to wish you well .
i wanted you to have this .
i wanted you to keep that .
i was afraid he might die .
i was afraid of my father .
i was always good at math .
i was as surprised as you .
i was barely able to work .
i was chilled to the bone .
i was hurt by many people .
i was in my room studying .
i was in pretty bad shape .
i was just about to leave .
i was just trying to help .
i was meaning to call you .
i was only trying to help .
i was shocked to see that .
i was shocked to see this .
i was so drunk last night .
i was there the other day .
i was told to contact you .
i was too stunned to talk .
i was trying to kill time .
i was trying to reach you .
i was up almost all night .
i wasn't going to give up .
i went on with my reading .
i will act on your advice .
i will always be with you .
i will choose one of them .
i will fight to the death .
i will give you this book .
i will look the other way .
i will not stand for this .
i will sleep at my aunt's .
i will speak to him alone .
i wish i could explain it .
i wish i had more friends .
i wish she were alive now .
i wish that were the case .
i wish we could live here .
i wish you had been there .
i wish you hadn't told me .
i woke up with a headache .
i won't be able to attend .
i won't be going with you .
i won't be here that long .
i won't forget any of you .
i won't keep you too long .
i won't let you ruin this .
i won't tell if you won't .
i wonder if he is married .
i wonder if this is wrong .
i wonder if we could talk .
i wonder if you'd help us .
i wonder what his name is .
i wonder what it could be .
i wonder who that girl is .
i wonder who this is from .
i work at the post office .
i work for an oil company .
i work hard in the garden .
i work out whenever i can .
i would like to eat there .
i would like to visit you .
i would never do it again .
i wrote to her last month .
i'd be willing to pay you .
i'd like a glass of water .
i'd like for you to leave .
i'd like the bill , please .
i'd like to be called tom .
i'd like to buy eye drops .
i'd like to buy this doll .
i'd like to come home now .
i'd like to come with you .
i'd like to go to college .
i'd like to hear you sing .
i'd like to look like tom .
i'd like to make a speech .
i'd like to see you again .
i'd like to talk with you .
i'd like you to have this .
i'd like you to wear this .
i'd never do what tom did .
i'd rather not go into it .
i'd really like to go now .
i'll ask how to get there .
i'll be at the front door .
i'll be back in my office .
i'll be back in two hours .
i'll be in the other room .
i'll be ready in a second .
i'll be there in a minute .
i'll be there in a second .
i'll come back . i promise .
i'll do it in the morning .
i'll do what must be done .
i'll find my own way back .
i'll give it my best shot .
i'll give you a lift home .
i'll give you a ride home .
i'll go and get your coat .
i'll go take a shower now .
i'll hang onto it for now .
i'll have a talk with tom .
i'll have to do it myself .
i'll join you in a moment .
i'll kill the both of you .
i'll leave that up to you .
i'll make a pot of coffee .
i'll make you proud of me .
i'll need you to be there .
i'll say it one more time .
i'll see to it right away .
i'll see you at the party .
i'll show my album to you .
i'll show you the way out .
i'll show you where it is .
i'll stay a few more days .
i'll stay out of your way .
i'll take care of the cat .
i'll take care of you all .
i'll tell you what i know .
i'll tell you what to say .
i'll try to keep it short .
i'll turn it into a house .
i'll walk you to the gate .
i'm a fan of german opera .
i'm almost as tall as tom .
i'm as curious as you are .
i'm as shocked as you are .
i'm ashamed of what i did .
i'm being paid to do this .
i'm coming to pick you up .
i'm done with all of that .
i'm glad i could help out .
i'm glad i could help you .
i'm glad i make you happy .
i'm glad that tom is here .
i'm glad to see you again .
i'm glad to see you're ok .
i'm glad you didn't do it .
i'm going out for a drink .
i'm going out for a while .
i'm going to be a teacher .
i'm going to be all right .
i'm going to be gone soon .
i'm going to be out today .
i'm going to be over here .
i'm going to build a fire .
i'm going to cook for you .
i'm happy to see you here .
i'm just trying to get by .
i'm not done with you yet .
i'm not going to call tom .
i'm not going to eat this .
i'm not going to help you .
i'm not going to hurt you .
i'm not going to pass out .
i'm not going to touch it .
i'm not happy with my job .
i'm not in good shape now .
i'm not so good at tennis .
i'm not that kind of girl .
i'm not used to this heat .
i'm sorry i yelled at you .
i'm sorry if i scared you .
i'm sure mom will get mad .
i'm sure we can trust tom .
i'm too poor to marry her .
i'm too tired to do study .
i'm trying to talk to you .
i'm very glad to meet you .
i'm very happy to be here .
i'm very happy to see you .
i'm very sad to hear that .
i've got no time for that .
i've got pliers in my car .
i've got to see a dentist .
i've tried to talk to tom .
if only i could go skiing .
if only i could sing well .
if only he had been there .
if you're happy , i'm glad .
if you're not happy , quit .
in my opinion , he's right .
is tom's name on the list ?
is death the only way out ?
is it going to rain today ?
is that what tom told you ?
is there a bank near here ?
is there a mall near here ?
is there any life on mars ?
is this some kind of joke ?
is this the best you have ?
is this the bus to oxford ?
it is easy to play tennis .
it is impossible to do it .
it is made partly of wood .
it is no use trying again .
it is out of the question .
it is quiet here at night .
it is their right to vote .
it isn't too late for you .
it keeps you on your toes .
it made me laugh out loud .
it may rain at any moment .
it nearly cost me my life .
it rained a lot last year .
it rains a lot in okinawa .
it snowed a lot last year .
it was a crime of passion .
it was a revelation to me .
it was a stroke of genius .
it was a very cold winter .
it was just a lucky guess .
it was nothing but a joke .
it was nowhere to be seen .
it wasn't much of a party .
it wasn't much of a storm .
it would be better to try .
it's a double - edged sword .
it's a drop in the bucket .
it's a small price to pay .
it's all part of the plan .
it's bad luck to say that .
it's nice to be back home .
it's not ok to smoke here .
it's the least i could do .
it's time to go back home .
it's time to go to school .
it's too little , too late .
it's way too cold to swim .
it's yours if you want it .
just a minute . i'm coming .
keep your eye on the ball .
lend me your book , please .
let me ask you a question .
let me help you with that .
let me pay for the dinner .
let's get a cup of coffee .
let's get out of the rain .
let's get out of the taxi .
let's just get rid of tom .
let's pull an all - nighter .
let's run to the bus stop .
let's see if tom can help .
let's take a look at this .
let's try and find a cure .
let's use it while we can .
let's wait for a few days .
line up by height , please .
mary is not wearing a bra .
may i turn off the lights ?
maybe it was just a fluke .
mom bought a puppy for us .
mother made a doll for me .
mother made me a new suit .
my aunt lives in new york .
my book bag is very heavy .
my boss is a slave driver .
my brother is at his desk .
my brother is out of work .
my car needs to be washed .
my dog barks all the time .
my dream went up in smoke .
my father has a red beard .
my father is on the wagon .
my heart was in my throat .
my house has a small yard .
my house is built of wood .
my job is dull and boring .
my mom works in a factory .
my mother has a red apron .
my phone was out of order .
my place is with them now .
my son won't listen to me .
my wife is a good manager .
never tell me a lie again .
no one is in the bathroom .
no one is listening to me .
no one knew tom was there .
no one knows where tom is .
no one knows where we are .
no one will ever find you .
no one will know i'm here .
no one will speak for you .
no one will speak with me .
none of the cars are mine .
none of the money is mine .
not all men are like that .
not all of them are happy .
of course , i'll marry you .
oh , please don't say that .
one lump of sugar , please .
one of my bags is missing .
one of the guards is dead .
only god can help you now .
open the window , will you ?
our cat is in the kitchen .
our fate is in your hands .
our fence is made of iron .
our guests are in a hurry .
park the car in the shade .
part of the story is true .
pick one up while you can .
please don't be mad at me .
put more salt in the soup .
put the tables end to end .
put your hands in the air .
read it once more , please .
school is a waste of time .
scream as loud as you can .
send for a doctor at once .
she advised him not to go .
she always gets up at six .
she bought me a nice coat .
she cut the apple in half .
she did not marry the man .
she did not read the book .
she died in a plane crash .
she fell in love with him .
she felt happy to see him .
she gave me a pretty doll .
she had tears in her eyes .
she has a small black dog .
she has a very good voice .
she has an eye for beauty .
she has not come here yet .
she hit him with a hammer .
she is a really good girl .
she is a very nice person .
she is a very poor driver .
she is after a better job .
she is amusing to be with .
she is behind in her rent .
she is her old self again .
she is kind to old people .
she is really a nice girl .
she is very angry with me .
she isn't fit for the job .
she lived next door to us .
she lives next door to us .
she must be angry with me .
she must be on cloud nine .
she put sheets on her bed .
she refused to go with me .
she runs faster than i do .
she served us a good meal .
she showed me her new car .
she slept for a few hours .
she taught me how to swim .
she tied him to the chair .
she told him not to worry .
she took him to the store .
she turned her back to me .
she used to live near him .
she was afraid of the dog .
she was aware of his eyes .
she was born in the 1950s .
she was brought up by him .
she was going up a ladder .
she was injured in a fall .
she was now out of danger .
she was out when i called .
she was too tired to work .
she went on with the work .
she will have her own way .
she will make a good wife .
she worked for a rich man .
sorry , i couldn't help it .
sorry . the train was late .
take any train on track 5 .
take care of yourself , ok ?
take the pan off the fire .
tell me what your name is .
tell me why he was absent .
tell me why she is crying .
thank you very , very much !
that gave me a rough idea .
that might be a good idea .
that was a very sad story .
that was wrong , of course .
that would be a good idea .
that's all i have for you .
that's all i have to know .
that's all i need to hear .
that's all i need to know .
that's all tom has to say .
that's all for now , folks .
that's how the pros do it .
that's it . i'm outta here .
that's just the way it is .
that's kind of you to say .
that's what i'd try to do .
that's why i sent for you .
the bell has not rung yet .
the box was full of books .
the company is in the red .
the deer ran for its life .
the doctor gave it to her .
the doctor gave me a shot .
the dog was out of breath .
the dog will not harm you .
the girl has a soft heart .
the girl seems to be rich .
the glass is full of milk .
the house is owned by him .
the image is not in focus .
the keys are on the table .
the less said , the better .
the meat has begun to rot .
the milk is in the fridge .
the money is on the table .
the news can't all be bad .
the odds are in his favor .
the old man sat all alone .
the old woman is a doctor .
the phone is out of order .
the piano has a good tone .
the radio is out of order .
the school is on the hill .
the sky was full of stars .
the sun has not risen yet .
the tree bent in the wind .
the war broke out in 1939 .
the wind blew her hat off .
there is a letter for you .
there was no trace of him .
there's a cat in my house .
there's a dog by the door .
there's a hair in my soup .
there's a lot on the line .
there's a rock in my shoe .
they did not give up hope .
they do it faster than me .
they do it faster than us .
they eat meat once a week .
they forgot to wake me up .
they gave him up for lost .
they looked up at the sky .
they made us work all day .
they plan to have a party .
they set out for new york .
they tried to cheer me up .
they were scared to do it .
they were very kind to me .
they will be safe with me .
this cd belongs to my son .
this bag cost me 6 pounds .
this bike is easy to ride .
this book is easy to read .
this book is not for sale .
this book is of great use .
this box is made of paper .
this fish has a bad smell .
this is a very small book .
this is not my first time .
this is not to his liking .
this is our last day here .
this is the flag of japan .
this makes no sense to me .
this plant is good to eat .
this stove is easy to use .
this was part of the plan .
this was too much for tom .
this wasn't cheap , was it ?
tom and i are married now .
tom and mary both said no .
tom asked me to come here .
tom asked me to marry him .
tom can walk on his hands .
tom did a pretty good job .
tom died about a year ago .
tom doesn't know who i am .
tom drank a cup of coffee .
tom drank a glass of wine .
tom drew his gun and shot .
tom gives us what we need .
tom gives us what we want .
tom got kicked by a horse .
tom has a house in boston .
tom has a lot of problems .
tom has been up all night .
tom has to learn to relax .
tom held mary in his arms .
tom is a friend of mary's .
tom is a very good friend .
tom is a very wealthy man .
tom is almost ready to go .
tom is arrogant , isn't he ?
tom is going to regret it .
tom is going to stay here .
tom is going to try again .
tom is here to protect me .
tom is in the living room .
tom is in the other truck .
tom is there to help mary .
tom is too young for that .
tom knew he had a problem .
tom left his kids at home .
tom let go of mary's hand .
tom lives next door to us .
tom ordered mary to do it .
tom refused to talk to me .
tom said he would be here .
tom said that he liked me .
tom said that he was busy .
tom sat down next to mary .
tom sat down on the couch .
tom showed his room to me .
tom taught me how to cook .
tom told mary he was busy .
tom told me he was single .
tom took the easy way out .
tom tried to lift the box .
tom wanted to be a farmer .
tom wants me to coach him .
tom wants to be with mary .
tom wants to come with us .
tom was able to help mary .
tom was alone at the time .
tom was bitten by a cobra .
tom was here a minute ago .
tom was here before i was .
tom was unsure what to do .
tom will be wearing a tie .
tom's dog is well - trained .
tom's name was on the box .
traveling is a lot of fun .
trim the fat off the meat .
try not to make him angry .
try not to think about it .
turn on the light , please .
waiter , i'd like to order .
we all miss you very much .
we all want to be desired .
we already gave it to you .
we began on a new project .
we began our work at noon .
we bought a lot of stamps .
we can be certain of that .
we can save you some time .
we can't let them do that .
we could keep it a secret .
we didn't need to do that .
we don't know where he is .
we don't need to go there .
we eat many kinds of food .
we had a lot of furniture .
we had a really good time .
we had our roof blown off .
we have all kinds of time .
we have been up all night .
we have half a dozen eggs .
we have lost sight of him .
we have run short of food .
we have six lessons a day .
we have to obey the rules .
we have to talk right now .
we hope to meet you again .
we lived close by the sea .
we might need to help tom .
we moved into a new house .
we must do this right now .
we must tell him about it .
we need action , not words .
we offered him a nice job .
we regard him as our hero .
we saw her enter the room .
we stayed at a nice hotel .
we take good care of them .
we think the world of you .
we want them to follow us .
we want to know the facts .
we want to speak with tom .
we were caught in a storm .
we will fight to the last .
we work from nine to five .
we'd better get a move on .
we'll all be here for you .
we're as good as dead now .
what a big house you have !
what a lucky person he is !
what are you so scared of ?
what are you trying to do ?
what did tom say about me ?
what did he do after that ?
what did you do this time ?
what did you do with that ?
what did you get hit with ?
what did you go there for ?
what did you open it with ?
what did you think of him ?
what do you do on fridays ?
what do you do on sundays ?
what do you feed your dog ?
what do you like about it ?
what do you like about me ?
what do you think of that ?
what do you think this is ?
what do you want to drink ?
what do you want to learn ?
what do you want to study ?
what does she think of it ?
what else can you tell us ?
what floor do you live on ?
what have you done to him ?
what he did is very wrong .
what he said was not true .
what if he comes back now ?
what is this vase made of ?
what keeps you up so late ?
what kind of girl are you ?
what kind of ship is that ?
what number bus do i take ?
what school did you go to ?
what should i feed my dog ?
what time did you wake up ?
what time is good for you ?
what time is it there now ?
what was it i left behind ?
what would you have me do ?
what would you like to do ?
what you need is a friend .
what you said is not true .
what'll i find in the box ?
whatever will be , will be .
when did tom come see you ?
when did it begin to rain ?
when did you see him last ?
when did you tell me that ?
when do you go on holiday ?
when do you mean to start ?
when do you plan to start ?
when do you want to start ?
when should i feed my dog ?
where are you going to go ?
where can i get some help ?
where can i leave my bike ?
where can i wash my hands ?
where did you get the hat ?
where did you put my keys ?
where did you see the boy ?
where do i get the subway ?
where do you think tom is ?
who buys this type of art ?
who did you go there with ?
who did you learn it from ?
who do you know in boston ?
who else do you know here ?
who else is going with us ?
who told you tom was sick ?
who wants a piece of cake ?
who wants to come with me ?
who would want to do that ?
whoever says so is a liar .
why are you guys so angry ?
why are you looking at me ?
why are you out of breath ?
why can't we just go home ?
why did you come to japan ?
why did you guys break up ?
why did you join the army ?
why did you listen to him ?
why did you lock the door ?
why didn't you call me up ?
why didn't you wake me up ?
why do you think i'm here ?
why don't we all sit down ?
why don't we share a room ?
why don't you go help tom ?
why don't you sing for us ?
why don't you talk to him ?
why not join us for lunch ?
why should i go to school ?
will you pass me the salt ?
will you show me the book ?
without you , i am nothing .
would you care to join us ?
would you go to your room ?
would you like to come in ?
would you like to see tom ?
would you mind if i smoke ?
would you mind if we left ?
yesterday , i ate an apple .
you are both in the wrong .
you are in over your head .
you are tired , aren't you ?
you aren't as short as me .
you can do that right now .
you can tear the box open .
you can tell me the truth .
you can't attend ? why not ?
you can't be sure of that .
you can't get on this bus .
you could hear a pin drop .
you despise me , don't you ?
you don't have to do this .
you don't look like a cop .
you don't need to do that .
you don't need to wrap it .
you enjoy that , don't you ?
you have a sense of humor .
you have a way with women .
you have given me so many .
you have to stay in shape .
you have to take a shower .
you know what you must do .
you know where to find me .
you look good in a kimono .
you love your wife , right ?
you may stay here with me .
you must not eat too much .
you must not give up hope .
you must not go out today .
you must not shout at him .
you must not stay up late .
you need to get some rest .
you need to wear a tuxedo .
you ought to have seen it .
you said you had a theory .
you should go talk to him .
you were hot , weren't you ?
you'll ask tom , won't you ?
you'll call me , won't you ?
you're not as smart as me .
you're not bored , are you ?
you're not going , are you ?
you're not tired , are you ?
you're not upset , are you ?
you've done a lot of good .
your watch is on the desk .
a cry arose from the crowd .
a heavy rain began to fall .
a major is above a captain .
a man appeared at the door .
a mist hung over the river .
a shiver ran down my spine .
a student wants to see you .
a wink was his only answer .
above all , watch your diet .
all is well that ends well .
all of the dogs were alive .
all's fair in love and war .
am i supposed to thank you ?
an apple fell off the tree .
an apple sits on the table .
anyway , i'll take a chance .
are you a cop or something ?
are you afraid of the dark ?
are you coming to my party ?
are you going to come back ?
are you going to sing here ?
are you going to stay long ?
are you having a good time ?
are you old enough to vote ?
are you over your cold yet ?
are you ready for the trip ?
are you saying i smell bad ?
are you sure of your facts ?
ask him the way to station .
at what time does it close ?
basketball is a lot of fun .
be sure to bring rain gear .
best wishes from all of us .
both of them are very cute .
boys , don't make any noise .
call us when you get there .
can i buy you another beer ?
can i come some other time ?
can i get something to eat ?
can i have my bicycle back ?
can i watch your next game ?
can someone give me a lift ?
can this car go any faster ?
can we have a minute alone ?
can we have a moment alone ?
can you climb up that tree ?
can you come over and talk ?
can you drive a five speed ?
can you excuse me a second ?
can you give him first aid ?
can you give me a discount ?
can you give me an example ?
can you lend me some money ?
can you push the door open ?
can you slow down a little ?
can you weigh this , please ?
cats don't like to get wet .
come over here and join us .
could i have some more tea ?
could you give us a moment ?
could you lend me the book ?
could you read this for me ?
could you send it by email ?
could you show me this bag ?
could you stay and help me ?
did i give you enough time ?
did i give you the tickets ?
did you bring a hair dryer ?
did you buy a nice bicycle ?
did you call me last night ?
did you catch what he said ?
did you forget to buy eggs ?
did you go to school today ?
did you have a good summer ?
did you have a nice summer ?
did you hear what tom said ?
did you open all the boxes ?
did you see tom that night ?
did you turn the stove off ?
do all of you speak french ?
do we need them that badly ?
do you belong to any clubs ?
do you come here every day ?
do you have a cheaper room ?
do you have a fishing boat ?
do you have a mobile phone ?
do you have a smaller size ?
do you have a twin brother ?
do you have any light beer ?
do you have much snow here ?
do you know a good dentist ?
do you know how that feels ?
do you know how to program ?
do you know how to whistle ?
do you know what they want ?
do you know where he lives ?
do you know who killed tom ?
do you like my new clothes ?
do you like my new haircut ?
do you offer any day trips ?
do you often hear from him ?
do you plan to go overseas ?
do you prefer meat or fish ?
do you really want to help ?
do you really want to know ?
do you remember how we met ?
do you remember what to do ?
do you talk to your plants ?
do you think it's my fault ?
do you want help with that ?
do you want that warmed up ?
do you want to grab dinner ?
do you want to say goodbye ?
do you want your coat back ?
do you weigh more than tom ?
does tom know mary is here ?
does it hurt when you chew ?
does that seem fair to you ?
does this make me look fat ?
don't i get a goodbye kiss ?
don't act like you know me .
don't ask me to explain it .
don't drink too much , okay ?
don't ever lie to me again .
don't get on the train yet .
don't let them go to waste .
don't make an enemy of him .
don't make me say it again .
don't make me use this gun .
don't move till i get back .
don't point your gun at me .
don't say a word to anyone .
don't send me home , please .
don't sit down on the sofa .
don't take our word for it .
don't talk to him about it .
don't talk to me like that .
don't talk to me like this .
don't tell me to calm down .
don't tell me you stole it .
don't try to make me angry .
don't walk out on me again .
don't you know who that is ?
don't you tell me to relax .
don't you want to meet tom ?
dry your face with a towel .
each of them has a bicycle .
eggs are sold by the dozen .
english is not easy for me .
english is not easy for us .
fill out this form , please .
get this stuff out of here .
give it to anyone you like .
give me another cup of tea .
give me back the tv remote .
give me some time to think .
give me some water , please .
good luck with the new job .
hang your coat on the hook .
have you been here all day ?
have you been up all night ?
have you ever been in love ?
have you ever driven a van ?
have you ever seen a koala ?
have you ever seen a panda ?
have you ever seen a whale ?
have you given tom the key ?
have you got any ideas yet ?
he advised me not to smoke .
he almost got away with it .
he appealed to us for help .
he asked that we be silent .
he became a nice young man .
he began to whistle a tune .
he bought his son a camera .
he bought me a nice camera .
he called me up from tokyo .
he can't swim like she can .
he carved me a wooden doll .
he caught hold of the rope .
he comes here once a month .
he comes here twice a week .
he could not go to college .
he dashed out of the store .
he decided to sell the car .
he did it out of curiosity .
he did well for a beginner .
he didn't do it on purpose .
he didn't tell me his name .
he does it faster than you .
he doesn't want to see you .
he doesn't watch tv at all .
he drank a shot of whiskey .
he forgot to lock the door .
he gave away all his money .
he gave her a foot massage .
he got bogged down at work .
he got kicked off the team .
he greeted me with a smile .
he grew a variety of crops .
he had an accident at work .
he has an eye for antiques .
he has any number of books .
he has her under his thumb .
he has quite a few records .
he held the trophy up high .
he invited me to his house .
he invited me to the party .
he is a good tennis player .
he is a really good worker .
he is a student at harvard .
he is a teacher of english .
he is absorbed in his work .
he is afraid of his father .
he is almost six feet tall .
he is always full of ideas .
he is engaged to my sister .
he is going to the concert .
he is hunted by the police .
he is impatient to see you .
he is not guilty of murder .
he is not strong as before .
he is now staying in paris .
he is one of my neighbours .
he is popular with his men .
he is sitting cross - legged .
he is sitting on the chair .
he is standing on the hill .
he is still full of energy .
he is studying at his desk .
he is swimming in the pool .
he is very a dangerous man .
he is worthy of our praise .
he laid himself on the bed .
he left after he had lunch .
he lives in a trailer park .
he looks like a clever boy .
he made a journey to paris .
he made her clean the room .
he made his will last year .
he made up the whole story .
he motioned me to stand up .
he nearly got away with it .
he never cared much for me .
he ran away with the money .
he reads a novel every day .
he said he could swim well .
he said hello to the woman .
he seems to have been rich .
he sent me a birthday card .
he shared his soup with me .
he should be put in prison .
he stayed at a cheap hotel .
he still has much to learn .
he stood there for a while .
he stopped to talk to them .
he told me all the details .
he took credit for my idea .
he touched me on the cheek .
he turned pale at the news .
he turned up an hour later .
he waited for him until 10 .
he walked all the way home .
he walked on for some time .
he wants to be an engineer .
he wants to squish the bug .
he warned me of the danger .
he was absent at roll call .
he was anxious to meet you .
he was caught in an ambush .
he was fired by the school .
he was killed with a sword .
he was robbed of his youth .
he was struck off the list .
he was too stunned to talk .
he was wounded in the head .
he will always be with you .
he will be waiting for her .
he will be waiting for you .
he will get well very soon .
he will make a good doctor .
he wished he had more time .
he won the prize last week .
he works as a ghost writer .
he's a law - abiding citizen .
he's a man of many talents .
he's eager to speak to you .
he's the captain of a team .
he's the one who helped me .
her father is a bank clerk .
her home is in the suburbs .
her old cat is still alive .
her son is sure to succeed .
here is one of my pictures .
here's looking at you , kid .
here's the money i owe you .
his life was full of drama .
his old cat is still alive .
his sons do as they please .
how about calling it a day ?
how about going for a swim ?
how am i supposed to dress ?
how can i change your mind ?
how can we learn the truth ?
how come he didn't show up ?
how come you know all this ?
how did you burn your hand ?
how do you know each other ?
how do you make your money ?
how do you read this kanji ?
how do you spell that word ?
how do you spend your time ?
how do you stand this cold ?
how do you stand this heat ?
how do you tell them apart ?
how do you use this camera ?
how does that sound to you ?
how long does a bear sleep ?
how long has she been sick ?
how long have you been ill ?
how many bags did you have ?
how many books do you have ?
how many of them are there ?
how much did all this cost ?
how much money do you have ?
how much money do you want ?
how often do you go abroad ?
how was i supposed to know ?
hurry up or you'll be late .
i agree with what you said .
i am an optimist by nature .
i am at home every evening .
i am counting on your help .
i am going down the stairs .
i am just a humble teacher .
i am never free on sundays .
i am playing the piano now .
i am tired of hearing that .
i am very happy in georgia .
i argued with him about it .
i arrived in tokyo at noon .
i ate with my baby brother .
i belong to the music club .
i bet you didn't know that .
i bought it for 10 dollars .
i bought that book for tom .
i brought one just in case .
i came into a huge fortune .
i can easily touch my toes .
i can imagine how you felt .
i can't afford to buy that .
i can't believe i did that .
i can't believe i did this .
i can't buy you that dress .
i can't carry on like this .
i can't do this work alone .
i can't get along with him .
i can't hear you very well .
i can't help you with this .
i can't lend you this book .
i can't let them catch you .
i can't make ends meet now .
i can't save you this time .
i can't take it any longer .
i can't tell you the truth .
i catch the flu every year .
i caught a cold last month .
i caught up with them soon .
i could never be like that .
i could use a little sleep .
i cover twenty miles a day .
i did not take many photos .
i didn't go to the funeral .
i didn't have to wait long .
i didn't know tom was here .
i didn't know how to react .
i didn't mean it like that .
i didn't mean to spook you .
i didn't notice him go out .
i didn't say i wasn't free .
i didn't say it made sense .
i didn't say you were here .
i didn't see you until now .
i didn't think it was real .
i didn't want it to happen .
i didn't want to come here .
i don't belong to any club .
i don't belong to the club .
i don't care for green tea .
i don't care what she eats .
i don't eat out very often .
i don't eat the apple core .
i don't feel like doing it .
i don't feel sorry for you .
i don't have a white shirt .
i don't have all the facts .
i don't have books to read .
i don't have much time now .
i don't have time for boys .
i don't have time for that .
i don't have time for this .
i don't have time to argue .
i don't have time to relax .
i don't have time to waste .
i don't know him very well .
i don't know what he'll do .
i don't know what is worse .
i don't know what it's for .
i don't know what to think .
i don't know what we'll do .
i don't know what you mean .
i don't know where he went .
i don't really have a cold .
i don't think she is happy .
i don't think you ought to .
i don't want a big wedding .
i don't want any ice cream .
i don't want to bother you .
i don't want to discuss it .
i don't want to go bowling .
i don't want to go outside .
i don't want to live alone .
i don't want to offend you .
i don't want to work today .
i don't want you to change .
i don't watch tv very much .
i don't wear makeup at all .
i doubt if he will succeed .
i feel like i'm not wanted .
i figured i'd be safe here .
i figured it out by myself .
i folded the towel in half .
i forgot to call him today .
i forgot to do my homework .
i forgot what his name was .
i forgot where the car was .
i found the book by chance .
i gave him my phone number .
i gave you what you wanted .
i go home right after work .
i go right home after work .
i got my hands quite dirty .
i got my right leg injured .
i got over my cold quickly .
i got so wasted last night .
i got up late this morning .
i got you something to eat .
i grow many kinds of roses .
i guess i've been too busy .
i had a good night's sleep .
i had a great time tonight .
i had a sandwich for lunch .
i had dinner ready for you .
i had planned to go abroad .
i had to decline his offer .
i had to work last weekend .
i hardly ever run into him .
i hate to see children cry .
i have a burning pain here .
i have a few english books .
i have a friend in england .
i have almost no money now .
i have been busy this week .
i have been to the library .
i have better things to do .
i have faith in the future .
i have just read this book .
i have less money than you .
i have my doubts about tom .
i have never been to nikko .
i have never heard him lie .
i have not seen him lately .
i have nothing left to say .
i have nothing to do today .
i have once been to europe .
i have only a small garden .
i have other plans for you .
i have read all his novels .
i have seen him many times .
i have some errands to run .
i have some shopping to do .
i have something in my eye .
i have to answer the phone .
i have to button my jacket .
i have to buy one tomorrow .
i have to catch that train .
i have to talk to somebody .
i haven't seen you in ages .
i heard that she came here .
i heard you don't eat meat .
i hid myself under the bed .
i hope tom proves me wrong .
i hope he will overlook it .
i hope you will call again .
i just can't figure it out .
i just fainted . that's all .
i just feel a little dizzy .
i just found out last week .
i just got my first tattoo .
i just saw a shooting star .
i just want to be prepared .
i just want to get married .
i just wanted to say hello .
i kept hoping i'd meet tom .
i knew tom would like mary .
i knew exactly what it was .
i knew it would be painful .
i knew that he was reading .
i knew this day was coming .
i knew this day would come .
i knew who my enemies were .
i know tom likes to travel .
i know he likes jazz music .
i know some of these girls .
i know that tom likes jazz .
i know what you were doing .
i know when i'm not wanted .
i left my umbrella at home .
i like having plenty to do .
i like playing with my dog .
i like seeing you this way .
i like the way that smells .
i like the way this tastes .
i like this city very much .
i like to feed the pigeons .
i like to travel by myself .
i like your new hair color .
i live pretty close to tom .
i lost sight of my friends .
i love going to the movies .
i love my mother very much .
i love seeing you so happy .
i love what i'm doing here .
i loved going to the beach .
i made him change his plan .
i made him sweep the floor .
i maxed out my credit card .
i may not have enough time .
i met her at tokyo station .
i met his sister last week .
i met your father just now .
i must brush up my english .
i must have made a mistake .
i need a bigger frying pan .
i need a few minutes alone .
i need a little more space .
i need nine hours of sleep .
i need to go eat something .
i need to know by tomorrow .
i need to lose five pounds .
i need to lose some weight .
i need to press the button .
i never did like it anyway .
i never really knew my dad .
i never wanted to harm you .
i never wanted to hurt you .
i no longer live in boston .
i often sing in the shower .
i own some very old stamps .
i paid five dollars to him .
i pointed my camera at her .
i prefer red wine to white .
i promised not to tell him .
i rarely talk on the phone .
i read a book while eating .
i really do need your help .
i really have to get going .
i really hope you can come .
i really want to thank you .
i returned his book to him .
i said nothing of the sort .
i said that i was confused .
i said there's no one here .
i saw a little boy running .
i saw him cross the street .
i saw his mother scold him .
i saw land in the distance .
i saw that tom was smiling .
i see you've made a friend .
i slept with my clothes on .
i slept with the light off .
i smiled and waved at them .
i suggest we all calm down .
i suppose he's got a point .
i suppose we could do that .
i swear it's the last time .
i think i'm going to faint .
i think i'm losing my mind .
i think i'm ready to leave .
i think i've broken my arm .
i think tom is still alive .
i think tom wanted my help .
i think tom wants our help .
i think about it every day .
i think he's an honest man .
i think it just might work .
i think it was an accident .
i think it will rain today .
i think it's all right now .
i think it's going to rain .
i think it's time to begin .
i think maybe tom needs me .
i think maybe we should go .
i think she's 40 years old .
i think that might be wise .
i think that would be best .
i think that would be nice .
i think that would be wise .
i think that's a good idea .
i think that's a good plan .
i think they went this way .
i think we can handle that .
i think we can handle this .
i think we need more water .
i think we should break up .
i think we should call tom .
i think we should hire tom .
i think we should sit down .
i think we should stop now .
i think we'll be safe here .
i think we're going to win .
i think you knew my father .
i think you need some rest .
i think you really mean it .
i think you should ask tom .
i thought i was alone here .
i thought i'd be safe here .
i thought tom was a doctor .
i thought tom was a farmer .
i thought tom was with you .
i thought it'd be worth it .
i thought that he was rich .
i thought we had more time .
i told tom we were friends .
i took tom to the hospital .
i took her for an american .
i took part in the contest .
i try not to bother anyone .
i turned to him for advice .
i want a dozen cream puffs .
i want a kitchen like this .
i want more days like this .
i want somebody to talk to .
i want those kids to leave .
i want to change the world .
i want to date other women .
i want to drink some water .
i want to file a complaint .
i want to make a complaint .
i want to make a statement .
i want to make new friends .
i want to meet the teacher .
i want to see what happens .
i want to serve my country .
i want to stay here longer .
i want to think for myself .
i want what's best for you .
i want you gone by sunrise .
i want you to go somewhere .
i warned him of the danger .
i was arrested on the spot .
i was blinded by the light .
i was born and raised here .
i was feeling blue all day .
i was ignorant of his plan .
i was in london last month .
i was just taking a shower .
i was married at that time .
i was reading a novel then .
i was really proud of that .
i was taking a shower then .
i was tired of watching tv .
i was unable to go outside .
i was young and crazy once .
i wasn't making fun of you .
i wasn't too sure about it .
i watched a movie on video .
i went out with my friends .
i went swimming in the sea .
i went to bed after eating .
i will bring it right away .
i will do anything for him .
i will do anything for you .
i will do whatever you ask .
i will go abroad next year .
i will stop him from going .
i will write you back soon .
i wish i could believe you .
i wish i could play guitar .
i wish i could stay longer .
i wish i earned more money .
i wish tom would stop that .
i wish the rain would stop .
i wish to make a complaint .
i wish you hadn't found me .
i wonder if she is married .
i wonder what tom would do .
i wonder what's in the box .
i wonder where he has gone .
i wonder whose car this is .
i wonder why i'm so sleepy .
i wonder why he was absent .
i work for a travel agency .
i would like a little wine .
i would never let you down .
i write every chance i get .
i'd be happy if you'd come .
i'd be happy to discuss it .
i'd better get to bed soon .
i'd like a receipt , please .
i'd like a shot of tequila .
i'd like this fight to end .
i'd like to be a guitarist .
i'd like to be your friend .
i'd like to brush my teeth .
i'd like to call my family .
i'd like to change my room .
i'd like to dance with you .
i'd like to get some sleep .
i'd like to know the truth .
i'd like to order the same .
i'd like to own a business .
i'd like to reserve a seat .
i'd like to see the budget .
i'd like to speak with you .
i'd like to study in paris .
i'd like to talk about tom .
i'd like to thank you both .
i'd like to think about it .
i'd love to dance with you .
i'd prefer not to eat that .
i'll buy this desk for him .
i'll call back a bit later .
i'll complain if i want to .
i'll end up by going crazy .
i'll finish it in one hour .
i'll help you look for tom .
i'll leave the rest to you .
i'll play a sonata for you .
i'll show you how it works .
i'll take care of the bill .
i'll take care of this dog .
i'll take good care of tom .
i'll take your word for it .
i'm a black belt in karate .
i'm a citizen of the world .
i'm afraid i caught a cold .
i'm asking you as a friend .
i'm breast - feeding my baby .
i'm dying for a cold drink .
i'm glad that you can come .
i'm glad you could be here .
i'm glad you could make it .
i'm going to see tom today .
i'm going to take a shower .
i'm going to tell tom that .
i'm happy the game is over .
i'm happy to see you again .
i'm living with my mom now .
i'm looking for an old man .
i'm no longer angry at you .
i'm not going to sign this .
i'm not selling you my car .
i'm not sure i believe you .
i'm not very good at chess .
i'm not very happy , either .
i'm saving money for a car .
i'm so sorry for your loss .
i'm sorry i lost my temper .
i'm sorry my father is out .
i'm stuck in a traffic jam .
i'm sure that is the truth .
i'm taking my book with me .
i'm the one who built this .
i'm the one who killed tom .
i'm very sleepy today , too .
i've been dying to see him .
i've been dying to see you .
i've been here for a while .
i've been here for an hour .
i've come here to help you .
i've got no reason to stay .
i've got some chores to do .
i've got to catch some z's .
i've heard a lot about you .
i've just been to the bank .
i've missed out on so much .
i've never seen a real cow .
if you try , you'll succeed .
if you're hungry , then eat .
in other words , she's dumb .
is tom one of your friends ?
is it always hot like this ?
is it true that you gamble ?
is that all right with you ?
is the hotel far from here ?
is the mouse dead or alive ?
is there a doctor on board ?
is there a hat shop nearby ?
is there anything i can do ?
is this ball yours or hers ?
is what you told me secret ?
it feels weird , doesn't it ?
it is just half past seven .
it is likely to rain today .
it is neither good nor bad .
it is raining all the time .
it is wrong to steal money .
it may occur at any moment .
it may rain in the evening .
it may snow in the evening .
it seemed like a good idea .
it sounds like a good plan .
it was a very long meeting .
it was a warm summer night .
it was fun while it lasted .
it was love at first sight .
it was nice and cool there .
it was not always this way .
it was one of those things .
it was the best party ever .
it wasn't much of a bridge .
it wasn't much of a debate .
it will only hurt a little .
it will only take a minute .
it's a pleasure to be here .
it's all coming back to me .
it's based on a true story .
it's fun to watch the race .
it's good to see you again .
it's his problem , not mine .
it's just a matter of time .
it's much too cold to swim .
it's my turn to drive next .
it's not a matter of price .
it's not cheap to eat here .
it's not going to end well .
it's not good for my heart .
just don't tell anyone , ok ?
just tell me what you want .
keep your eyes on the road .
leave me a message , please .
leave that box where it is .
let me buy you another one .
let me give you an example .
let me paint you a picture .
let me pay for your coffee .
let me put off my decision .
let me show you an example .
let's all help tom do that .
let's call a spade a spade .
let's check that shop , too .
let's do this first of all .
let's eat out for a change .
let's get back to the boat .
let's get off the bus here .
let's get out while we can .
let's give it one more try .
let's go back to the hotel .
let's go back to the motel .
let's go eat . i'm starving .
let's hope tom can do that .
let's say no more about it .
let's see what tom left us .
let's sit here for a while .
let's stop and take a rest .
let's take it down a notch .
let's take it step by step .
let's turn and go back now .
lie down on your left side .
life has its ups and downs .
listen to what i am saying .
luckily , i won first prize .
lying to tom was a mistake .
make a copy of this report .
make good use of your time .
man has the gift of speech .
many young men went to war .
may i give you some advice ?
may i switch off the light ?
may i visit an art gallery ?
maybe i should go with you .
most of the dogs are alive .
my aunt lived a happy life .
my bicycle has a flat tire .
my birthday is on march 22 .
my brother works in a bank .
my car is at your disposal .
my dog is wagging his tail .
my father bought a new car .
my father is in the garden .
my father must do the work .
my father works for a bank .
my hair has grown too long .
my knife has lost its edge .
my mom walked into my room .
my papers were in that box .
my parents let me go there .
my room has a large closet .
my sister is a good typist .
my uncle is a lousy driver .
my uncle lives in new york .
my watch needs to be fixed .
my wife's going to kill me .
no one could find the cave .
no one trusts him any more .
no one would talk about it .
nobody is too old to learn .
none of the money is yours .
none of the rooms is ready .
none of this is your fault .
not every man can be happy .
not everyone can be a poet .
now is the time for action .
now isn't a very good time .
now let's get down to work .
one's new . the other's old .
open your book to page ten .
our school is 80 years old .
pass me the butter , please .
pink is not just for girls .
please let me try it again .
please let me try the game .
please show it to me again .
put in a little more sugar .
put some salt on your meat .
put that back on the table .
put that book aside for me .
put the carrots in the pot .
put the coat on the hanger .
put the flour on the shelf .
rome wasn't built in a day .
she acted like a real baby .
she advised me to go there .
she asked him to marry her .
she asked me to bring them .
she bought a shirt for him .
she bought an album for me .
she called while i was out .
she came to like the house .
she decided to be a doctor .
she did not come until two .
she didn't know what to do .
she didn't want him to die .
she felt very bad that day .
she forced him to sit down .
she forgot to feed her dog .
she forgot to feed the dog .
she gave him the brush off .
she gave me a strange look .
she gave us a vague answer .
she goes to school on foot .
she got no answer from him .
she got the money from him .
she had her hair cut short .
she had to accept her fate .
she has a passion for cake .
she has a sense of fashion .
she has a very good figure .
she has long arms and legs .
she has never been in love .
she held him by the sleeve .
she helped him tie his tie .
she invited me to her home .
she is a very good teacher .
she is always hard at work .
she is anxious to meet you .
she is ashamed to speak up .
she is forbidden to go out .
she is her own worst enemy .
she is much taller than me .
she is nothing but a child .
she is older and wiser now .
she is quite a clever girl .
she likes her school a lot .
she lives in a large house .
she lives next door to him .
she looks as young as ever .
she managed to drive a car .
she persuaded him to do it .
she plays the piano by ear .
she quoted a poem by keats .
she ran outside half - naked .
she read the poem out loud .
she saw him at the station .
she saw me enter the store .
she says that she is happy .
she seems happy to be here .
she seems to have been ill .
she set a new world record .
she showed her album to me .
she spoke to me in spanish .
she stared him in the face .
she stayed out in the rain .
she told him to try harder .
she took care of his wound .
she took care of the child .
she took me for my brother .
she used to live in luxury .
she waited for him to call .
she wants to be a designer .
she was alone in the house .
she was asked to the party .
she whispered it in my ear .
she wrote me a long letter .
she's going to have a baby .
should i wait for you here ?
show me the photos , please .
sign at the bottom , please .
some boats are on the lake .
some of the dogs are alive .
sorry , i'm a stranger here .
stay calm and do your best .
stay here and wait for her .
stay here and wait for him .
stop trying to cheer me up .
summer is coming to an end .
take a book from the shelf .
take a deep breath , please .
take a look at this report .
take all the time you need .
take all the time you want .
take the road on the right .
tell them what you told me .
thanks a lot for your help .
thanks for the advice , tom .
that bottle is in the dirt .
that can't be good for you .
that girl looks like a boy .
that guy has a screw loose !
that guy is off his rocker !
that guy's got a big mouth .
that hat looks good on you .
that is no business of his .
that is what this is about .
that job bores me to death .
that must be the city hall .
that soil is rich in humus .
that tie looks good on you .
that will be all for today .
that will buy us some time .
that would be a good start .
that young lady is a nurse .
that's all i can offer you .
that's all i know for sure .
that's all i wanted to say .
that's all i've got to say .
that's the way he likes it .
that's too good to be true .
that's what i need to know .
that's what i thought , too .
that's what i'd like to do .
that's why he got up early .
that's why he lost his job .
the boat can still be seen .
the book fell to the floor .
the box he found was empty .
the box was open and empty .
the boy is full of promise .
the boy made a paper plane .
the boys played in the mud .
the boys swam in the river .
the call is free of charge .
the car turned to the left .
the castle is now in ruins .
the cat is under the table .
the city fell to the enemy .
the cows are milked at six .
the dog came running to me .
the dog was burnt to death .
the dog was digging a hole .
the eagle is about to land .
the floor had a good shine .
the fruit is in the basket .
the house is made of stone .
the idea is typical of him .
the joke was at my expense .
the law is not always fair .
the lion is king of beasts .
the main tap is turned off .
the man blushed like a boy .
the man leapt to his death .
the noise got on my nerves .
the old man died last week .
the old man died of cancer .
the party is in full swing .
the phone was off the hook .
the price of gas is rising .
the roof is made of thatch .
the room is full of people .
the room was full of smoke .
the seats are all sold out .
the silver is on the table .
the storm blew down a tree .
the story is full of holes .
the street is full of cars .
the theater was jam - packed .
the water has been cut off .
the world is a crazy place .
the world is full of fools .
there are too many of them .
there is a message for you .
there was fear in his eyes .
there were ten eggs in all .
there's no need to be rude .
there's no one but me here .
there's no one in the room .
these new cars are on sale .
they all envied my new car .
they are in the same class .
they cut my hair too short .
they don't like to do that .
they heard it on the radio .
they just want to have fun .
they let me pick a present .
they made fun of my accent .
they seem to be having fun .
they slept in the same bed .
they want to do this right .
they will be safe with her .
they will be safe with him .
they've bet the farm on it .
this book seems easy to me .
this bus is going to minsk .
this car is easy to handle .
this car was made in japan .
this drink is on the house .
this house is not for sale .
this house is not very big .
this is a book about stars .
this is also my first time .
this is between you and me .
this is going to get messy .
this is just what i wanted .
this is never going to end .
this is not what i ordered .
this is where my dad works .
this isn't your fault , tom .
this job is kind of boring .
this music is from the 40s .
this product is fun to use .
this road goes to the park .
this shoe is a size bigger .
tie the horse to that tree .
tom and i are good friends .
tom and mary have two cats .
tom asked mary to the prom .
tom asked me where i lived .
tom ate up all the cookies .
tom beckoned me to come in .
tom bet on the wrong horse .
tom brought us each a gift .
tom came half an hour late .
tom can't be older than me .
tom changes his mind a lot .
tom cooks for us every day .
tom decided to risk it all .
tom did it single - handedly .
tom didn't get paid for it .
tom didn't go to the dance .
tom didn't have to do this .
tom didn't want to be late .
tom doesn't hate you , mary .
tom doesn't seem to get it .
tom doesn't want to go out .
tom drank a glass of water .
tom elbowed me in the ribs .
tom failed to come on time .
tom fell flat on the floor .
tom fell in love with mary .
tom felt a little left out .
tom forgot to feed the dog .
tom forgot to pay his rent .
tom gave me a vague answer .
tom got his head bashed in .
tom had blood on his shoes .
tom handed the map to mary .
tom has a dog named cookie .
tom has a friend in boston .
tom has a surprise for you .
tom has nobody to help him .
tom has nowhere left to go .
tom helped us push the car .
tom hid it behind the door .
tom is a real estate agent .
tom is a singer - songwriter .
tom is able to play soccer .
tom is an architect , right ?
tom is ashamed of his body .
tom is asleep in his chair .
tom is asleep on the couch .
tom is at church right now .
tom is even scared of mary .
tom is hardly ever at home .
tom is hoping you'll do it .
tom is my only real friend .
tom is now older and wiser .
tom is playing with my cat .
tom is seldom ever on time .
tom is sitting at his desk .
tom is sitting in the back .
tom is talking to mary now .
tom is wearing a black hat .
tom is wearing a black tie .
tom is working on your car .
tom isn't a very good cook .
tom isn't much of a dancer .
tom isn't sure where to go .
tom just showed up at work .
tom keeps hanging up on me .
tom knows he has no choice .
tom left me with no choice .
tom looks older than he is .
tom looks proud of his son .
tom only had eyes for mary .
tom ran the fastest of all .
tom read the poem out loud .
tom really does talk a lot .
tom retired when he was 65 .
tom risked his life for us .
tom said he found his keys .
tom said he wanted to help .
tom said he wanted to talk .
tom said he wouldn't do it .
tom said that he'd be late .
tom sat on the window sill .
tom saw that mary was busy .
tom says that he knows you .
tom should be ready by now .
tom swims better than i do .
tom talks about that a lot .
tom told me he was working .
tom took a bath last night .
tom took a lot of pictures .
tom tore the paper in half .
tom treats me like a child .
tom tried to cheer mary up .
tom tried to hide his fear .
tom tried to open the door .
tom walked out of the room .
tom wants mary to be happy .
tom wants to be a stuntman .
tom wants to join our club .
tom was bullied as a child .
tom was trying to be funny .
tom wasn't serious , was he ?
tom went back to the hotel .
tom will be back home soon .
tom will be back next week .
tom will be waiting for me .
tom will take care of this .
tom won't ask you to dance .
try not to look so nervous .
try to stay out of trouble .
turn off the light , please .
turn off the radio , please .
turn the radio up a little .
use your head for a change .
wait for your turn , please .
wait here till i come back .
was there a lot of traffic ?
we all die sooner or later .
we all want prices to fall .
we all want the same thing .
we also went to the temple .
we are about to leave here .
we are going to the market .
we are next - door neighbors .
we are not to be disturbed .
we are sure of his success .
we do all kinds of repairs .
we don't care what he does .
we don't have to read that .
we elected him to be mayor .
we forgot to lock the door .
we gather here once a week .
we grow a variety of crops .
we had to abandon our plan .
we have a big day tomorrow .
we have a decision to make .
we have a traitor among us .
we have other things to do .
we have plenty of time now .
we have to change our plan .
we have to do the shopping .
we have to make a decision .
we just have to be patient .
we live near a big library .
we look out for each other .
we looked , but saw nothing .
we lost all of our funding .
we may have missed the bus .
we must always do our best .
we must leave here at once .
we need actions , not words .
we need to have a contract .
we need to help each other .
we need to talk about this .
we persuaded him not to go .
we should be there by noon .
we should go , shouldn't we ?
we stayed at a cheap hotel .
we think that he will come .
we thought you could do it .
we used to be best friends .
we want peace in the world .
we welcome you to our club .
we went to the video store .
we were back to square one .
we were driven to the wall .
we weren't able to do that .
we will keep the room warm .
we won't go back to boston .
we'll come to look for you .
we'll have to deal with it .
we'll never know who he is .
we'll stay out of your way .
we're all in the same boat .
we're all on the same team .
we're going to do it again .
we're not going to make it .
we're on the same page now .
we've got a lot of friends .
what a pity she can't come !
what about a glass of beer ?
what am i being accused of ?
what are we supposed to do ?
what are you doing in here ?
what are you going to have ?
what are you lining up for ?
what are you saving up for ?
what are you trying to say ?
what did they hit you with ?
what did you come here for ?
what did you do last night ?
what did you eat for lunch ?
what did you think i meant ?
what do you call this bird ?
what do you know about him ?
what do you like about her ?
what do you like about him ?
what do you think about it ?
what do you think of japan ?
what else is on the agenda ?
what good would come of it ?
what has become of her son ?
what have they done to you ?
what have you come up with ?
what he said made us angry .
what he said might be true .
what if they don't like me ?
what is all the fuss about ?
what is it with you people ?
what is your date of birth ?
what keeps you up at night ?
what more is there to know ?
what street do you live on ?
what time did he get there ?
what time is it over there ?
what time will you be back ?
what was the time of death ?
what would you like to eat ?
what's your pre - tax income ?
whatever you do , don't run .
when are you going to come ?
when are you going to move ?
when did you come to japan ?
when did you get to london ?
when did you hear about it ?
when did you take the exam ?
when is it going to happen ?
when was your last day off ?
where am i supposed to sit ?
where are the eggs , please ?
where can i rent a costume ?
where did i put my glasses ?
where did i put the hammer ?
where did all the bread go ?
where did you buy that hat ?
where did you find the key ?
where did you get the idea ?
where did you go to school ?
where did you guys grow up ?
where did you have in mind ?
where did you park the car ?
where did you put the keys ?
where did you put your key ?
where do you all come from ?
where is the logic in that ?
where shall i wait for you ?
where would you like to go ?
which floor do you live on ?
who are you supposed to be ?
who else came to the party ?
who said i stole the money ?
who would like to go first ?
who'll be the first to die ?
why are you all dressed up ?
why are you angry with him ?
why are you asking me this ?
why are you looking so sad ?
why are you so tired today ?
why did you come over here ?
why did you kill the snake ?
why did you listen to them ?
why didn't i think of that ?
why didn't you wait for me ?
why do you need this money ?
why does tom drink so much ?
why does it make you angry ?
why don't you have a party ?
why don't you listen to me ?
why don't you ride with me ?
why don't you stay a while ?
why don't you take a break ?
why go to all that trouble ?
why is this only in french ?
why not apply for that job ?
why should i have to leave ?
why should i pay that much ?
will people make fun of me ?
will she come home at five ?
will you give me some time ?
wipe your shoes on the mat .
without you , life is awful .
world war ii ended in 1945 .
would you lend me a pencil ?
would you lend me your pen ?
would you like to meet tom ?
would you like to see them ?
would you mind if i helped ?
would you mind if i smoked ?
would you say it once more ?
write it down here , please .
yesterday , i bought a book .
you and i are good friends .
you are his brother , right ?
you are on the wrong plane .
you are on the wrong train .
you are taller than she is .
you came at the right time .
you can always count on me .
you can choose one of them .
you can leave the room now .
you can open your eyes now .
you can sleep on the couch .
you can smoke in this room .
you can still see the ship .
you can visit nhk any time .
you can't blame this on me .
you can't blame this on us .
you can't just not show up .
you can't rely on his help .
you can't say i didn't try .
you can't take it with you .
you despise tom , don't you ?
you didn't have to say yes .
you don't have to go there .
you don't need to go there .
you don't need to stand up .
you had better not do that .
you have got to be kidding .
you have the right to know .
you have to pay in advance .
you like boston , don't you ?
you like olives , don't you ?
you look good in that suit .
you made a bargain with us .
you may choose any of them .
you may choose one of them .
you may not like this book .
you may now kiss the bride .
you must know that i snore .
you must not open the door .
you ought to see a dentist .
you put in too much pepper .
you should do it like this .
you should go to bed early .
you were hurt , weren't you ?
you were late , weren't you ?
you will have a new sister .
you write better than i do .
you'll do exactly as i say .
you'll like it , believe me .
you're in pain , aren't you ?
you're the love of my life .
your life may be in danger .
your plan is bound to fail .
a cat ran across the street .
a cookie is under the table .
a dog suddenly jumped at me .
a fire broke out last night .
a friend told me that story .
a good idea occurred to him .
a good memory is his weapon .
a lot of soldiers died here .
a stitch in time saves nine .
about how long will it take ?
ah ! everything is clear now .
all of the milk was spilled .
all of them are not present .
all they had was each other .
all was silent in the house .
am i getting sloppy or what ?
americans eat a lot of meat .
an apple fell to the ground .
any amount of money will do .
anywhere with a bed will do .
apparently , the bus is late .
are you a creature of habit ?
are you coming to the party ?
are you done with the paper ?
are you for or against this ?
are you going to share that ?
are you happy in your house ?
are you still at the office ?
are you sure of your answer ?
ask her when she comes back .
be kind to those around you .
be more careful from now on .
believe that if you want to .
birds are flying in the air .
books are made out of paper .
both of my parents are dead .
both you and i are students .
can i count on your loyalty ?
can i get you anything else ?
can i have something to eat ?
can i talk to you privately ?
can someone help me , please ?
can we do this another time ?
can we please turn this off ?
can you drive a stick shift ?
can you keep the noise down ?
can you loan her some money ?
can you loan him some money ?
can you send the bellboy up ?
can you stand on your hands ?
can you take a little break ?
can you wait a little while ?
can your mother drive a car ?
christmas is soon , isn't it ?
cold this morning , isn't it ?
come into the room after me .
could i drink some more tea ?
could you give me your name ?
could you sign here , please ?
could you take this , please ?
dad gave me a computer game .
did i tell you that already ?
did tom call you last night ?
did he show you the picture ?
did they talk to each other ?
did you buy a return ticket ?
did you carry out your plan ?
did you go to tom's funeral ?
did you have a good weekend ?
did you have a nice evening ?
did you have fun last night ?
did you iron all the shirts ?
did you lie to your parents ?
did you make it by yourself ?
did you pay for those shoes ?
did you read the whole book ?
did you see anyone run away ?
did you take a shower today ?
did you turn off the heater ?
did you watch tv last night ?
didn't that seem odd to you ?
didn't you lock up your car ?
do it yourself by all means .
do not attempt this at home .
do you believe what he said ?
do you guys like white wine ?
do you have any french wine ?
do you have any soft drinks ?
do you have anything to add ?
do you have anything to eat ?
do you have anything to say ?
do you have bread for lunch ?
do you have shoes and socks ?
do you have to work tonight ?
do you keep a dream journal ?
do you know tom's real name ?
do you know any greek myths ?
do you know this place well ?
do you know what that means ?
do you know where she lives ?
do you know your blood type ?
do you like going to school ?
do you mind my smoking here ?
do you play soccer or rugby ?
do you prefer coke or pepsi ?
do you prefer tea or coffee ?
do you sell desk lamps here ?
do you still play the piano ?
do you think there's a hope ?
do you think those are real ?
do you want anything to eat ?
do you want fries with that ?
does that make sense to you ?
does this cap belong to you ?
don't be late for the train .
don't drink out of my glass .
don't ever talk to me again .
don't expect too much of me .
don't expose it to the rain .
don't forget to write to me .
don't forget to write to us .
don't leave it up to chance .
don't let them get you down .
don't make me ask you again .
don't make me go back there .
don't put words in my mouth .
don't risk your life for me .
don't say i didn't warn you .
don't speak so fast , please .
don't stare at me like that .
don't stop until i tell you .
don't talk to me about work .
don't tell tom you're a cop .
don't tell me any more lies .
don't try to carry too much .
don't try to talk right now .
don't use all the hot water .
don't worry . you'll make it .
don't you drag me into this .
don't you just love it here ?
fasten the rope to the tree .
feel this . it's really soft .
first , let's talk about tom .
food is fuel for our bodies .
girls say that all the time .
give it to whoever needs it .
give it to whoever wants it .
give me five tokens , please .
go and help wash the dishes .
go back to where you belong .
go two blocks and turn left .
green is the color of money .
guess what i did last night .
guess what i've got for you .
hang the mirror on the wall .
has all the coke been drunk ?
has she ever fallen in love ?
have they ever come on time ?
have you ever been run over ?
have you ever been to nikko ?
have you ever broken a bone ?
have you ever built a house ?
have you ever grown a beard ?
have you ever kissed a girl ?
have you ever ridden a mule ?
have you ever seen a monkey ?
have you heard the news yet ?
have you read this book yet ?
have you washed the car yet ?
he achieved his aim at last .
he arrived after i had left .
he arrived the day she left .
he asked me a few questions .
he asked me what i expected .
he asked me where she lived .
he blamed me for not coming .
he bore a grudge against me .
he bought himself a new car .
he calls her up every night .
he came back two days later .
he can pull strings for you .
he claims that he is honest .
he cleared the path of snow .
he cleared the roof of snow .
he didn't explain it at all .
he didn't have a single pen .
he didn't have time to read .
he didn't say a single word .
he didn't turn up after all .
he died from lack of oxygen .
he died of cancer last year .
he doesn't like to eat fish .
he doesn't want you to know .
he explained the rule to me .
he feels a lot better today .
he fell into a deep slumber .
he gave me his phone number .
he got engaged to my cousin .
he got sick during the trip .
he got the book for nothing .
he grabbed me by the collar .
he had barely enough to eat .
he had the gift of prophecy .
he had the table to himself .
he had to leave the village .
he has a grudge against you .
he hasn't read the book yet .
he helped me do my homework .
he insisted that i join him .
he is a novelist and artist .
he is a promising young man .
he is almost always at home .
he is always friendly to me .
he is an authority on china .
he is clumsy with his hands .
he is digging his own grave .
he is good at taking photos .
he is in his early thirties .
he is innocent of the crime .
he is more crafty than wise .
he is no longer living here .
he is not likely to succeed .
he is not very good company .
he is on night duty tonight .
he is pleased with his work .
he is rather hard to please .
he is standing on the stage .
he is still very much alive .
he is suffering from a cold .
he is the head of marketing .
he keeps a diary in english .
he kept on reading the book .
he kept walking all the day .
he lives alone in the woods .
he looked at me in surprise .
he looks like an honest man .
he made up his mind quickly .
he makes believe he is rich .
he never laughs at my jokes .
he pretended not to be hurt .
he pretended not to hear me .
he pretended not to know me .
he pretended to be a doctor .
he received a lot of praise .
he repaired my watch for me .
he rolled over in his sleep .
he rushed out of the office .
he shaves four times a week .
he showed us a few pictures .
he shut the door behind him .
he slipped on a banana peel .
he sometimes drops in on me .
he told me his life's story .
he treats me like his slave .
he vowed to give up smoking .
he wants to save the planet .
he was also kind to animals .
he was ashamed of his tears .
he was caught by the police .
he was hurt in the accident .
he was ignorant of the fact .
he was laughed at in public .
he was not at all satisfied .
he was right the first time .
he was sitting on the floor .
he was standing at the door .
he went there instead of me .
he will be at home tomorrow .
he will be here all evening .
he will be writing a letter .
he worked from nine to five .
he works at a tattoo parlor .
he wouldn't even look at me .
he'd prefer to go on friday .
he's going to join our club .
he's the cutest boy in town .
he's the one who touched me .
he's very likely to be late .
her dream is to visit paris .
her husband is about to die .
her mother became mad at us .
her name wasn't on the list .
her remark got on my nerves .
here's a big map of germany .
hey guys , it's getting late .
his brother was nasty to me .
his cottage is on the coast .
his eyes were full of tears .
his house was small and old .
his job is to teach english .
his theory is based on fact .
his wife's a friend of mine .
hit the lights and let's go .
hold your horses , young man .
how about going for a drive ?
how about going on a picnic ?
how are you going to manage ?
how can i help these people ?
how can anyone be so stupid ?
how can you not like horses ?
how could it not bother you ?
how could they have done it ?
how did we reach this point ?
how did you enjoy the movie ?
how did you get our address ?
how did you kill the guards ?
how did you like that movie ?
how do you account for that ?
how do you explain all this ?
how do you know what's real ?
how do you like them apples ?
how do you take your coffee ?
how does that make you feel ?
how fast does this thing go ?
how long did you live there ?
how long did you stay there ?
how long have you been busy ?
how long have you known her ?
how long is the seto bridge ?
how long will it stop there ?
how long will you stay here ?
how many apples do you want ?
how many beers have you had ?
how many books did you read ?
how many books does he have ?
how many goats do they have ?
how many of them were there ?
how many of these are yours ?
how many pens does she have ?
how many people can do that ?
how many plates do you want ?
how much does this tie cost ?
how much is this ring worth ?
how much is your hourly pay ?
how much milk is there left ?
how much money does he have ?
how much will all this cost ?
how was your trip to boston ?
how will you pay your debts ?
hurry ! tom says it's urgent .
i accompanied her on a walk .
i admit that i was careless .
i advise you to be punctual .
i almost feel sorry for you .
i always knew you'd be back .
i am grateful for your help .
i am leaving at ten o'clock .
i am looking for my brother .
i am looking for my glasses .
i am not certain about that .
i am prepared for the worst .
i am running short of money .
i am very sensitive to heat .
i apologize for what i said .
i arrived at school on time .
i asked her for her address .
i believe in what they said .
i believe the answer is yes .
i believe you like your job .
i belong to a swimming club .
i belong to the karate club .
i bet it will rain tomorrow .
i bought a pair of scissors .
i bought it for ten dollars .
i bought two pairs of pants .
i buy milk almost every day .
i can only import gif files .
i can only speak for myself .
i can see right through you .
i can see through your lies .
i can show you the pictures .
i can teach you my language .
i can't be friends with tom .
i can't be killed so easily .
i can't believe i said that .
i can't believe tom is dead .
i can't believe he did that .
i can't describe how i felt .
i can't do anything for tom .
i can't drink any more beer .
i can't even cook an omelet .
i can't even think about it .
i can't find anybody to ask .
i can't find fault with him .
i can't go back without you .
i can't go with you tonight .
i can't imagine such a life .
i can't just leave you here .
i can't let the matter drop .
i can't live without my cat .
i can't love anyone but you .
i can't make it any clearer .
i can't reach the top shelf .
i can't speak french at all .
i can't stand it any longer .
i can't take my glasses off .
i can't trust what she says .
i cannot thank you too much .
i could see nothing but fog .
i could sure use that money .
i crossed the river by boat .
i cut myself with a hacksaw .
i did everything i could do .
i didn't catch what he said .
i didn't do anything to tom .
i didn't do much work today .
i didn't even know his name .
i didn't expect you so soon .
i didn't go out last sunday .
i didn't hear what you said .
i didn't know what i'd find .
i didn't mean to insult you .
i didn't mean to offend tom .
i didn't mean to offend you .
i didn't really want to win .
i didn't run away from home .
i didn't say i wasn't going .
i didn't say you were crazy .
i didn't think we'd need it .
i didn't try to kill myself .
i disagree with you on this .
i do not accept your excuse .
i don't believe any of this .
i don't blame them for this .
i don't care what you think .
i don't even want you there .
i don't feel like going out .
i don't have a single enemy .
i don't have any more ideas .
i don't have much money now .
i don't have time right now .
i don't know either of them .
i don't know how this works .
i don't know what i'm doing .
i don't know what to answer .
i don't know what to expect .
i don't know where he lives .
i don't know where they are .
i don't know where to begin .
i don't know where to start .
i don't like beer that much .
i don't like either of them .
i don't like that idea much .
i don't meet too many women .
i don't need a loan anymore .
i don't really want to stop .
i don't remember you at all .
i don't talk to him anymore .
i don't think i'll go today .
i don't think tom would lie .
i don't think he is sincere .
i don't think it'll be easy .
i don't think they heard us .
i don't think this is funny .
i don't want either of them .
i don't want to get married .
i don't want to hurt anyone .
i don't want to study today .
i dream of seeing him there .
i eat meat almost every day .
i enlisted in the air force .
i expect you to work harder .
i explained the rule to him .
i feel good after a workout .
i feel like a million bucks .
i feel like going out today .
i felt exactly the same way .
i felt like i was intruding .
i figured i'd find you here .
i forgot to lock the drawer .
i found the food too greasy .
i found this under your bed .
i gave way to their demands .
i get a haircut every month .
i go to church every sunday .
i got caught in a rainstorm .
i got my hair cut yesterday .
i got the pears for nothing .
i got this bicycle for free .
i got up earlier than usual .
i got up early this morning .
i guess i'd better be going .
i guess that's good for you .
i guess we should leave now .
i had a good time yesterday .
i had intended to go abroad .
i had my thumbnail torn off .
i had never seen him before .
i had no right to interfere .
i had things to think about .
i had to go there yesterday .
i hardly ever go to museums .
i hate seeing you like this .
i have a bad headache today .
i have a slight fever today .
i have already done my work .
i have been honest with him .
i have been looking for you .
i have been to london twice .
i have been to the barber's .
i have fewer books than you .
i have never been to europe .
i have never read that book .
i have no objection to that .
i have no problem with this .
i have nothing better to do .
i have nothing else to wear .
i have nothing left to lose .
i have read the book before .
i have seen the film before .
i have something to ask tom .
i have three tickets for it .
i have to admit i'm curious .
i have to answer his letter .
i have to borrow some money .
i haven't done this in ages .
i haven't seen her for ages .
i haven't seen you for ages .
i haven't seen you in weeks .
i haven't talked to tom yet .
i heard from him last month .
i heard the front door slam .
i held my breath and waited .
i helped tom do some chores .
i helped him carry his desk .
i hid it under the mattress .
i hope it wasn't too boring .
i hope that he will succeed .
i hope you enjoyed the show .
i hope you'll get well soon .
i intended to start at once .
i invited them to the party .
i just don't fit in anymore .
i just have a few questions .
i just have to do something .
i just haven't had a chance .
i just want to be different .
i just wanted to be popular .
i just wanted to go jogging .
i just wanted to play poker .
i just wanted to say thanks .
i knew tom would forgive me .
i knew you'd mess things up .
i know i probably won't win .
i know tom doesn't love you .
i know exactly how you feel .
i know how busy you've been .
i know we're a little early .
i know what can happen here .
i know what happened to tom .
i know what may happen here .
i know where the blame goes .
i know you think i'm stupid .
i know you're angry with me .
i know you're not like that .
i like hanging out with you .
i like her sister very much .
i like it when it's snowing .
i like rice more than bread .
i like the music of austria .
i like this one even better .
i like to make people happy .
i live pretty close to here .
i love hanging out with you .
i love it when that happens .
i love sitting on the beach .
i made that dress by myself .
i must speak with you alone .
i need somebody i can trust .
i need to borrow some money .
i need to handle this alone .
i need to renew my passport .
i never drink tea with milk .
i never get sick of dancing .
i never knew his first name .
i never made such a promise .
i never said you were lying .
i never talked to him again .
i never want to get married .
i never wanted this , either .
i often have the same dream .
i only ask out of curiosity .
i only did the bare minimum .
i only drink to be sociable .
i only study in the library .
i only wanted to be helpful .
i owe you a sincere apology .
i painted a picture for you .
i plan to never get married .
i promise i'll pay you back .
i promise you i'll help you .
i put on some clean clothes .
i ran into a little trouble .
i read the report you wrote .
i really don't want to play .
i really owe you an apology .
i received a good job offer .
i reckon that's a good idea .
i saw a strange woman there .
i saw him crossing the road .
i see her sweeping the room .
i see nothing wrong with it .
i should not have said that .
i should've said i was busy .
i started a fire right away .
i stayed in bed all morning .
i stayed up late last night .
i still need some help here .
i stopped and gazed at them .
i suggest we don't even try .
i suggest you get some rest .
i suppose we have no choice .
i sure wish you would leave .
i swear i won't tell anyone .
i take a walk every morning .
i take that as a compliment .
i thanked mary for her help .
i think i hurt his feelings .
i think i'd better call tom .
i think i'd rather not know .
i think i'll come back soon .
i think i'm falling in love .
i think tom could do better .
i think tom is following me .
i think tom is here already .
i think tom looks like john .
i think tom needs your help .
i think tom would like that .
i think tom's leg is broken .
i think he's a great writer .
i think it's worth the risk .
i think many people do that .
i think maybe tom was right .
i think my job is pointless .
i think that i should leave .
i think that was very funny .
i think that's a great idea .
i think that's where tom is .
i think the mistake is mine .
i think this belongs to you .
i think this will do nicely .
i think we are in agreement .
i think we need more coffee .
i think we should head back .
i think we should leave now .
i think we should try again .
i think we'd better do that .
i think we've got a problem .
i think you need a vacation .
i think you need some sleep .
i think you ought to listen .
i think you should see this .
i think you should sit down .
i think you've gone too far .
i thought i was being smart .
i thought i was going crazy .
i thought i'd find you here .
i thought tom was at school .
i thought tom was in prison .
i thought tom was in school .
i thought he was my brother .
i thought he would be upset .
i thought that tom was kind .
i thought that he was angry .
i thought that was your job .
i thought the game was over .
i thought the show was over .
i thought we'd be safe here .
i thought you could help me .
i thought you liked it here .
i thought you were a friend .
i told him about our school .
i told you it was dangerous .
i took an early flight home .
i took over my father's job .
i used to have a girlfriend .
i used to have a motorcycle .
i visit him every other day .
i want everybody to go home .
i want everyone to be there .
i want to ask you something .
i want to be your boyfriend .
i want to hear your opinion .
i want to keep working here .
i want to know what's funny .
i want to know your opinion .
i want to practice with you .
i want to return your money .
i want to run for president .
i want to try something new .
i want you home by midnight .
i want you to consider this .
i want you to follow orders .
i want you to speak frankly .
i was absent from the party .
i was amazed at his courage .
i was bored with his speech .
i was jealous of my brother .
i was never good at grammar .
i was quite shocked by this .
i was scolded by my teacher .
i was starting to lose hope .
i was tricked into doing it .
i was up all night studying .
i went to the wrong address .
i went to the zoo yesterday .
i will deal with him myself .
i will do anything but that .
i will have to study harder .
i will help you if possible .
i will never change my mind .
i will not attend the party .
i will not be busy tomorrow .
i will not be free tomorrow .
i wish i were a millionaire .
i wish you hadn't done that .
i wish you'd told me before .
i won't hold it against you .
i wonder if dinner is ready .
i wonder what it feels like .
i wonder where she has gone .
i work at a language school .
i would rather stay at home .
i wrote a letter in english .
i wrote a letter last night .
i'd like to join your group .
i'd like to open an account .
i'd like to see your sister .
i'd like to shake your hand .
i'd rather be dead than red .
i'd rather work than go out .
i'd really like to sleep in .
i'll always be here for you .
i'll be a little late today .
i'll be back by six o'clock .
i'll be back in ten minutes .
i'll be back within an hour .
i'll be on my feet tomorrow .
i'll come and see you later .
i'll come back on the tenth .
i'll have a nap after lunch .
i'll have to think about it .
i'll leave this work to you .
i'll meet up with you later .
i'll peel an orange for you .
i'll see you in the morning .
i'll stay close to the door .
i'll take a nap after lunch .
i'll teach you how to write .
i'll tell tom you were here .
i'm a bit nervous right now .
i'm a little angry with you .
i'm afraid i can't help you .
i'm already full , thank you .
i'm better - looking than tom .
i'm going to be your lawyer .
i'm going to buy some bread .
i'm going to need your help .
i'm going to propose to her .
i'm going to shoot him dead .
i'm going to swim every day .
i'm here to see the manager .
i'm just looking , thank you .
i'm not allowed to help you .
i'm not ashamed to tell you .
i'm not going to allow that .
i'm not going to name names .
i'm not good enough for tom .
i'm not good enough for you .
i'm not in the office today .
i'm not ready to retire yet .
i'm not very good at french .
i'm now busy writing a book .
i'm sure i can persuade tom .
i'm used to staying up late .
i'm very proud of my father .
i'm very sorry to hear that .
i'm wondering if i love tom .
i'm wondering if i love her .
i'm wondering if i love him .
i've been asked to help out .
i've been to hong kong once .
i've come to speak with you .
i've decided to go by train .
i've gone and caught a cold .
i've had a really weird day .
i've heard that tom is sick .
i've known him for one year .
in my opinion , you're wrong .
in what month were you born ?
is anyone going to eat that ?
is eating fish good for you ?
is it a secret or something ?
is it about ten million yen ?
is it always cold like this ?
is it hard to speak english ?
is that all you think about ?
is that really all there is ?
is there anyone in the room ?
is there anything i must do ?
is this water okay to drink ?
is your school in this town ?
it always snows in the alps .
it could cost you your head .
it depends on what you mean .
it doesn't look good at all .
it happened a long time ago .
it has to be tomorrow night .
it is a very strange letter .
it is easier than i thought .
it is none of your business .
it is not the best solution .
it is not worth the trouble .
it is ten minutes to eleven .
it looks as if you're right .
it looks like no one's home .
it nearly cost him his life .
it only takes a few minutes .
it rained a lot that winter .
it rained three days on end .
it was a very exciting game .
it was not an easy decision .
it was too difficult for me .
it's a pleasure to meet you .
it's about time i was going .
it's been more than a month .
it's boring to stay at home .
it's going to clear up soon .
it's great to have you back .
it's hard to argue with tom .
it's my job to convince you .
it's not going to take long .
it's not supposed to be fun .
it's not that long a flight .
it's not very far from here .
it's really humid , isn't it ?
it's so bad , it's hilarious .
it's starting to grow on us .
it's useless to talk to tom .
it's your problem , not mine .
just don't get involved , ok ?
keep oil away from the fire .
keep your hands off my bike !
leave it where you found it .
leave the book where it was .
let me give you some advice .
let's come back to it later .
let's get out of this place .
let's give it all we've got .
let's hope tom can fix this .
let's just leave it at that .
let's not forget to do that .
let's see what's in the box .
let's sit down on the bench .
let's sit here on the grass .
let's talk a bit about that .
let's talk over a cold beer .
let's talk shop for a while .
let's try to make tom laugh .
let's try to win every game .
let's wish tom all the best .
look ! two boys are fighting .
look , here comes your train .
make a sketch of your house .
mary had a girls' night out .
mary is alone in the forest .
mary wore a pale blue dress .
may i be of further service ?
may i have a class schedule ?
may i have a second helping ?
may i look at that magazine ?
may i look at your passport ?
maybe she can tell you more .
maybe what you said is true .
milk does not agree with me .
mix the flour with two eggs .
most of my friends are guys .
mother is making tea for us .
my blood type is a positive .
my boyfriend is not a loser .
my clock seems to be broken .
my credit card is maxed out .
my dad doesn't let me drive .
my dream is to study abroad .
my family are all very well .
my family is not that large .
my family is not very large .
my father came home at nine .
my father has gone to china .
my father is a heavy smoker .
my father is an early riser .
my father is in his fifties .
my heart began to beat fast .
my heart wasn't in the work .
my house faces to the south .
my house is near the church .
my house is near the school .
my house looks to the south .
my jeans shrank in the wash .
my mother is an early riser .
my mother is in the kitchen .
my mother left me a message .
my mother made me a sweater .
my parents made me go there .
my parents were proud of me .
my plan was adopted by them .
my sister has a sweet tooth .
my sister is a good swimmer .
my sister is engaged to him .
my uncle gave him a present .
my uncle gave me this watch .
my uncle lived to be ninety .
my work is not complete yet .
no doubt she will come soon .
no more than 50 people came .
no one believed me at first .
no one here will betray you .
no one made you do anything .
no one's shooting at us now .
nobody had ever heard of it .
none of them wanted to talk .
not all girls are like that .
not all of them are present .
not everybody can be a poet .
now shake hands and make up .
now , it's time to celebrate .
one of my friends knows you .
open your book to page nine .
our best friend is a doctor .
our lives are in your hands .
our son died during the war .
our teacher is a real idiot .
our team lost all its games .
people do that all the time .
please find out where he is .
please let me come with you .
please pour me a little tea .
please speak in a low voice .
pus has formed in the wound .
put the car into the garage .
read the bottom of the page .
rules are made to be broken .
see if my answer is correct .
send for the doctor at once .
sensing danger , he ran away .
shall i come to your office ?
she advised him to go there .
she allowed him to go alone .
she always gets her own way .
she appealed to me for help .
she bought her son a camera .
she called him on the phone .
she came back an hour later .
she can never keep a secret .
she can play the piano well .
she can run a full marathon .
she cooked some fish for me .
she cooks for him every day .
she cut off the carrot tops .
she decided on a blue dress .
she did it for her children .
she did not return till six .
she did so out of curiosity .
she didn't even try to help .
she didn't give me her name .
she died in a bike accident .
she gave him a nice present .
she gave him his first kiss .
she gave me these old coins .
she grabbed him by the hand .
she greeted me with a smile .
she greeted us with a smile .
she guided me to the palace .
she had long hair last year .
she handles a saw very well .
she has a gift for prophecy .
she has buried her only son .
she has him under her thumb .
she hit him again and again .
she is a short story writer .
she is always neat and tidy .
she is as beautiful as ever .
she is dressed like a bride .
she is in low spirits today .
she is qualified as a nurse .
she is sitting on the bench .
she is used to living alone .
she is very annoyed with me .
she is very fond of flowers .
she is wearing a blue dress .
she is wearing a nice watch .
she is writing a letter now .
she killed him with a knife .
she kissed him on the cheek .
she knows . she always knows .
she left her ticket at home .
she looked at me and smiled .
she looks young for her age .
she made fun of her husband .
she made him clean his room .
she may not wait any longer .
she misses her family a lot .
she needs some help from us .
she passed out on the floor .
she pushed him off the pier .
she pushed him out the door .
she put the children to bed .
she quit her job last month .
she raced him down the hill .
she really got on my nerves .
she really likes cats a lot .
she said she had been happy .
she said that she was happy .
she sat beside me in church .
she seemed to have been ill .
she should be there at noon .
she slapped him in the face .
she stabbed him in the back .
she stays in touch with him .
she studies as hard as ever .
she treated him like a king .
she turned pale at the news .
she visited him once a year .
she visits him twice a year .
she wanted to go out anyway .
she wants to meet him again .
she was robbed of her purse .
she was wearing a black hat .
she was wearing a blue coat .
she wasn't able to meet him .
she will be late for dinner .
she's the girl of my dreams .
smile at the camera , please !
so , what happened this time ?
some asian men wear make up .
some of them are my friends .
someone has to pay the bill .
sorry , i didn't notice that .
stir the paint with a stick .
stop pestering me , i'm busy .
stop ! you're making him cry .
take any two cards you like .
take off your socks , please .
take the chair to your room .
tell tom what mary told you .
tell tom where he should go .
tell him where he should go .
tell me where tom took mary .
tell me which one to choose .
thank you for all the gifts .
thank you for picking me up .
thank you for the other day .
thank you very much , doctor .
that girl has a lovely doll .
that is just typical of him .
that is out of the question .
that is where you are wrong .
that man is unworthy of you .
that room is not very large .
that seems like a good idea .
that town is two miles away .
that was a pretty good move .
that was just what i needed .
that will put you in danger .
that's a good thing to have .
that's a photo of my sister .
that's all i know right now .
that's all i needed to hear .
that's all i needed to know .
that's all i wanted to hear .
that's all i wanted to know .
that's all i'm trying to do .
that's all you need to know .
that's good for a first try .
that's how i feel right now .
that's not going to stop me .
that's not such a good idea .
that's not what i asked you .
that's not what i was doing .
that's why i need your help .
the sahara is a vast desert .
the air is pure around here .
the bill must be paid today .
the birds flew to the south .
the boat drifted out to sea .
the boat sank to the bottom .
the boy caught a large fish .
the boy hid behind the door .
the bridge is built of wood .
the bucket is full of water .
the bus was hot and crowded .
the cat climbed up the tree .
the chairs are made of wood .
the computer is to her left .
the deal did not go through .
the devil is in the details .
the dog didn't eat the meat .
the dog jumped over a chair .
the dog was frozen to death .
the fire went out by itself .
the food was great in italy .
the gate is closed at eight .
the girl cried out for help .
the house has icicles on it .
the ice in the water melted .
the island is warm all year .
the lake water is very cold .
the lid screws onto the jar .
the machine is out of order .
the museum is worth a visit .
the noise gets on my nerves .
the north wind blew all day .
the police caught him at it .
the proof is in the pudding .
the roast lamb is very good .
the rumor proved to be true .
the shop stays open all day .
the store is not open today .
the suspect is a black male .
the teacher let him go home .
the train is always on time .
the train made a brief stop .
the trees will soon be bare .
the weather's bad , isn't it ?
the world is full of idiots .
the wound is not yet healed .
their concert was a big hit .
their work seems good to me .
there are holes in the roof .
there is no hope of success .
there's a hole in this sock .
there's a lot of water left .
there's a new boy in school .
they agreed to meet me here .
they are about the same age .
they begged us to help them .
they could do with our help .
they don't want you to know .
they fight like cat and dog .
they found tom in the crowd .
they got to be good friends .
they had lost the civil war .
they have to clean the room .
they live in a rented house .
they live in the same state .
they made fun of my clothes .
they made us work all night .
they saw him enter the room .
they slept in the same room .
they went on board the ship .
they were caught red - handed .
this article is of no value .
this book is full of errors .
this can't be what you want .
this car needs to be washed .
this has all been a mistake .
this house is far too small .
this is a real popular item .
this is a time of rejoicing .
this is a very scary moment .
this is exactly what i want .
this is for your own safety .
this is getting out of hand .
this is how you get results .
this is no time for modesty .
this is not a small problem .
this isn't a place for kids .
this isn't what i asked for .
this photo was taken by tom .
this purse is made of paper .
this road is closed to cars .
this room is not very large .
this song is familiar to us .
this watch is made in japan .
this water is safe to drink .
this will be a game changer .
this will not cost too much .
this won't be the last time .
those who know him like him .
to know oneself is not easy .
to the hilton hotel , please .
today i turn four years old .
today is not your lucky day .
today , we are going dancing .
tom always does that for me .
tom and mary flew to boston .
tom and mary have broken up .
tom and mary know the truth .
tom asked if you'd be there .
tom bought a camera on ebay .
tom came back an hour later .
tom can play the piano well .
tom can run faster than you .
tom can't buy himself a car .
tom can't tie his own shoes .
tom comes here once a month .
tom could do with some help .
tom did a very stupid thing .
tom didn't even want to eat .
tom didn't have to thank me .
tom didn't mean to hurt you .
tom didn't tell me her name .
tom died a few months later .
tom doesn't know how to ski .
tom doesn't know who to ask .
tom doesn't look rich to me .
tom doesn't want to be late .
tom doesn't want to go home .
tom doesn't want to see you .
tom drove his car to boston .
tom eats too much junk food .
tom got the ticket for free .
tom had always wanted a son .
tom had long hair last year .
tom had never hit me before .
tom had reasons to be angry .
tom had to wait three hours .
tom has a problem with mary .
tom has already gone to bed .
tom has been friendly to me .
tom has braces on his teeth .
tom has dyed his hair black .
tom has some homework to do .
tom has some very good news .
tom has tattoos on his arms .
tom has to follow our rules .
tom helped me with the move .
tom is a really good friend .
tom is a really good person .
tom is a very dangerous man .
tom is a very gentle person .
tom is about to fall asleep .
tom is only three weeks old .
tom is persistent , isn't he ?
tom is photogenic , isn't he ?
tom is pretty good at chess .
tom is probably at home now .
tom is really proud of mary .
tom is sleeping like a baby .
tom is swimming in the pool .
tom is teaching me to paint .
tom is very hard on himself .
tom kissed mary on the neck .
tom knew that mary was busy .
tom knew that mary was rich .
tom knew what mary had done .
tom knows a girl named mary .
tom knows a lot of proverbs .
tom knows this is the truth .
tom lived next to his uncle .
tom lost control of the car .
tom makes a lot of mistakes .
tom may have missed the bus .
tom may not wait any longer .
tom moved to boston in 2013 .
tom needs to know the truth .
tom persuaded mary to do it .
tom read the story out loud .
tom said mary told him that .
tom said we'd find you here .
tom seems unable to do that .
tom should pay what he owes .
tom should stay where he is .
tom showed me what he meant .
tom sings in a church choir .
tom stood there for a while .
tom told me you were afraid .
tom took credit for my idea .
tom tossed the ball to mary .
tom turned on the car radio .
tom used to bake us cookies .
tom used to be my boyfriend .
tom waited , but nobody came .
tom wanted to go home early .
tom wanted to learn to swim .
tom wanted to make a change .
tom wants to be a celebrity .
tom wants to be your friend .
tom wants to buy some books .
tom wants to move to boston .
tom was always there for me .
tom was in boston that year .
tom was sent back to boston .
tom was silent for a moment .
tom was sitting at his desk .
tom was trying not to smile .
tom watches tv all the time .
tom went there to meet mary .
tom will need to go further .
tom wondered if it was true .
tom writes better than i do .
toss the gun onto the table .
toss your gun on the ground .
try and do better next time .
try not to splatter the ink .
twenty years is a long time .
wait here until i come back .
wait , it could be dangerous .
wake me up at seven o'clock .
warm this morning , isn't it ?
we all care for one another .
we all have passed the test .
we all live on planet earth .
we all make mistakes , right ?
we are apt to make mistakes .
we are having a mild winter .
we can hear the dog barking .
we can't help you with that .
we can't lose sight of that .
we could live in peace here .
we don't have time to waste .
we drink our tea with sugar .
we get together once a year .
we had better sit down here .
we had so much fun together .
we have room for three more .
we have to do without sugar .
we have to expect the worst .
we have to study the matter .
we hope to lower the tariff .
we hope to return next year .
we hurried to catch the bus .
we invited him to our house .
we know so little about tom .
we must carry out that plan .
we must never do this again .
we need three more of these .
we rent movies all the time .
we shook nuts from the tree .
we should stick to our plan .
we sometimes go for a drive .
we took him for an american .
we went to london last year .
we were both afraid to talk .
we were forced to work hard .
we were very busy last week .
we will die sooner or later .
we will play a tennis match .
we will soon be having snow .
we will start when he comes .
we'd better get out of here .
we'd like a bottle of rosé .
we'd like to have some wine .
we're all to blame for that .
well , that could be helpful .
what a pity you can't dance !
what are we doing for lunch ?
what are you all doing here ?
what are you so angry about ?
what are you so happy about ?
what are you supposed to do ?
what are you trying to hide ?
what did she whisper to you ?
what did you do last sunday ?
what did you do this summer ?
what did you eat for dinner ?
what do you learn at school ?
what do you think they want ?
what does tom think of mary ?
what does this mean for tom ?
what have you come here for ?
what if tom doesn't like me ?
what is a life worth living ?
what is needed is more time .
what is the matter with you ?
what is the purpose of life ?
what is the use of worrying ?
what is wrong with that guy ?
what more could one ask for ?
what options do i have left ?
what sport do you like best ?
what were you hoping to see ?
what will you have to drink ?
what would i do without you ?
what you say makes no sense .
what's the name of your dog ?
when are you going to leave ?
when did you first meet him ?
when did you hear the sound ?
when do you intend to start ?
where are we going to lunch ?
where are you going to move ?
where can i find a hospital ?
where did he find the money ?
where did the bee sting you ?
where did they get all this ?
where did you buy this book ?
where did you find the keys ?
where did you get all these ?
where did you get that scar ?
where did you get this list ?
where did you go to college ?
where did you hide the food ?
where do i claim my baggage ?
where do you keep the booze ?
where in turkey do you live ?
where would you like to sit ?
which club do you belong to ?
which one of those is yours ?
which team is likely to win ?
who is going to play tennis ?
who is the person in charge ?
who lives in the room below ?
who picked you for this job ?
who taught you how to dance ?
who was the book written by ?
who's going to pay the bill ?
why are you acting this way ?
why are you leaving so soon ?
why did tom cancel his trip ?
why did he fail in business ?
why did she come home early ?
why did you buy the flowers ?
why did you come here today ?
why did you help tom escape ?
why didn't you guys tell me ?
why didn't you listen to me ?
why didn't you tell us that ?
why do you want that anyway ?
why don't we ask his advice ?
why don't you come visit us ?
why don't you cut your hair ?
why don't you get a haircut ?
why don't you just back off ?
why don't you stay a minute ?
why not have dinner with us ?
why would i want your watch ?
why would you want to leave ?
will you be at home tonight ?
will you have some more tea ?
will you lend me some money ?
will you sell me your house ?
will you show me your album ?
wood floats , but iron sinks .
would that really be so bad ?
would you like to be seated ?
would you like to hear more ?
would you like to swap jobs ?
wow , it's pretty cold today .
you are apt to be forgetful .
you are liable for the debt .
you are not a child anymore .
you are wanted on the phone .
you can always count on tom .
you can always quit the job .
you can go however you like .
you can have it for nothing .
you can't blame me for that .
you can't cling to the past .
you can't count on his help .
you can't do it by yourself .
you can't have it both ways .
you can't just walk in here .
you can't run from the past .
you do nothing else but eat .
you don't need to know that .
you don't seem tired at all .
you don't smell good at all .
you don't want to lose that .
you had better get up early .
you have no cause for anger .
you have not changed at all .
you have to clean your room .
you have to respect the old .
you haven't eaten , have you ?
you like english , don't you ?
you look as healthy as ever .
you look young for your age .
you made a fool of yourself .
you may as well go yourself .
you may be right about that .
you may go where you please .
you may leave your bag here .
you might want some of this .
you must be back before ten .
you must be very hungry now .
you must let me handle this .
you must not enter the room .
you must stick to your diet .
you need not have called me .
you need to be more patient .
you need to wash your hands .
you never cease to amaze me .
you said that you hated tom .
you said that you loved tom .
you should buy him new toys .
you should go see a dentist .
you should know that by now .
you should not give up hope .
you should probably go , tom .
you speak french , don't you ?
you wanted this , didn't you ?
you were drunk , weren't you ?
you were lying , weren't you ?
you were there , weren't you ?
you weren't there , were you ?
you will have a new brother .
you'll be the first to know .
you'll come back , won't you ?
you'll have to ask tom that .
you're going to be a father .
you're new here , aren't you ?
you're not married , are you ?
you're part of the gang now .
you're the only one i trust .
you've been very kind to me .
you've got to be kidding me !
you've got to stop this now .
your answer is to the point .
your dog always barks at me .
your face is familiar to me .
your name is familiar to me .
your shelf is full of books .
your soul needs to be saved .
a beautiful sunset , isn't it ?
a boy came running toward me .
a bright idea occurred to me .
a car has one steering wheel .
a dog will bark at strangers .
a light lunch will be served .
a little work won't kill you .
a small gear is missing here .
a true love story never ends .
actually , i'm not quite sure .
add a little sugar and cream .
all of her songs became hits .
all the children went to bed .
all the tickets are sold out .
all they had was one another .
all three of us are students .
all who knew him admired him .
am i being accused of murder ?
apples are sold by the dozen .
are all of them your friends ?
are there any letters for me ?
are they going to arrest tom ?
are we alone in the universe ?
are you close to your family ?
are you going to tom's party ?
are you playing with my feet ?
are you proud of your father ?
are you real sure about that ?
are you sure you aren't cold ?
are you telling me the truth ?
are you trying to impress me ?
ask me again some other time .
at last he attained his goal .
at last , they ceased working .
at least they listened to me .
be careful what you wish for .
be quiet while i am speaking .
both of his parents are well .
bring me two pieces of chalk .
can i have another drink now ?
can i have your phone number ?
can my daughter go to school ?
can the dentist see me today ?
can you believe what he said ?
can you lend me your bicycle ?
can you repeat what you said ?
can you see that small house ?
can you tell me your address ?
can your brother drive a car ?
cats like playing in the sun .
children need a lot of sleep .
city life suits me very well .
come on tuesday , if possible .
could you bring me a blanket ?
could you call me back later ?
could you give me a discount ?
could you hand me the remote ?
could you lend me some money ?
cut the cake with that knife .
december has thirty - one days .
did i forget to mention that ?
did i leave my umbrella here ?
did tom really win a lottery ?
did anyone hear the gun shot ?
did she show you the picture ?
did they go to the mountains ?
did you do this all yourself ?
did you have a pleasant trip ?
did you make any new friends ?
did you notice her new dress ?
did you think i was canadian ?
do i have to be hospitalized ?
do you agree to our proposal ?
do you feel any better today ?
do you feel at home anywhere ?
do you have a school uniform ?
do you have a search warrant ?
do you have any tickets left ?
do you have anything to read ?
do you have plans for dinner ?
do you have something for me ?
do you have something to add ?
do you have something to say ?
do you know all these people ?
do you know what it's called ?
do you mean you're giving up ?
do you mind opening the door ?
do you really think it's bad ?
do you want something to eat ?
do your best and don't worry .
does anyone need a lift home ?
does that mean you bought it ?
does this book belong to you ?
don't be so hard on yourself .
don't do anything stupid , ok ?
don't expect too much of him .
don't give up on your dreams .
don't leave me alone , please .
don't let him know the truth .
don't make a scene in public .
don't make fun of old people .
don't make fun of that child .
don't make me come after you .
don't make me come back here .
don't make me hurt you again .
don't move unless i tell you .
don't play ball in this room .
don't put books on the table .
don't put sugar in my coffee .
don't raise your voice at me .
don't read that kind of book .
don't run around in the room .
don't speak to her like that .
don't speak to him like that .
don't take your eyes off tom .
don't tell anyone i was here .
don't tell me you can't read .
don't tell me you can't swim .
don't wait for me for dinner .
don't worry about me so much .
don't worry about what i did .
don't worry . we're safe here .
don't you have any good news ?
don't you move or i'll shoot .
don't you want to come along ?
each one does what he wishes .
each state had just one vote .
everybody wanted me to do it .
fate taught me a hard lesson .
fill it with regular , please .
finally , he reached his goal .
fish can't live out of water .
fortunately , no one was hurt .
frankly speaking , i hate him .
funny , i don't remember that .
get these people out of here .
go and speak to my colleague .
go put some clean clothes on .
has anybody seen my beer mug ?
has your dog ever bitten you ?
have i kept you waiting long ?
have you ever been to africa ?
have you ever been to boston ?
have you ever been to france ?
have you ever been to hawaii ?
have you ever been to kyushu ?
have you ever been to mexico ?
have you ever been to venice ?
have you ever dyed your hair ?
have you ever eaten raw fish ?
have you ever failed a class ?
have you ever gone to venice ?
have you ever ridden a horse ?
have you ever sung in public ?
have you ever written a book ?
he acted in his own interest .
he adhered to his own theory .
he admitted that it was true .
he always does as he pleases .
he always speaks well of her .
he always walks with a rifle .
he and i are kindred spirits .
he appeared on tv last night .
he asked a question about it .
he asked her where she lived .
he beckoned me to follow him .
he begged her to forgive him .
he belongs to the brass band .
he brought his dog to school .
he came back at nine o'clock .
he came here ten minutes ago .
he came home late last night .
he came to see you yesterday .
he can play tennis very well .
he can speak russian as well .
he cannot write his own name .
he collected a lot of stamps .
he cut down that cherry tree .
he did better than last time .
he did it without me knowing .
he did not enjoy his lessons .
he did not have enough money .
he didn't reply to my letter .
he didn't think it was funny .
he does not have any friends .
he doesn't believe me at all .
he finally bent to my wishes .
he gave in to the temptation .
he goes to school by bicycle .
he got through with his work .
he got up earlier than usual .
he had a talent for painting .
he had taken care of himself .
he had the old machine fixed .
he has a good firm handshake .
he has learned to be patient .
he has little money with him .
he has no sense of direction .
he has red hair and freckles .
he hasn't talked to me since .
he helped me carry the chair .
he holds the rank of colonel .
he hurt himself when he fell .
he is a doctor by profession .
he is a lawyer by profession .
he is a teacher and novelist .
he is accustomed to the work .
he is always late for school .
he is ashamed of his failure .
he is close to the president .
he is deeply attached to her .
he is eager to become famous .
he is every inch a gentleman .
he is good at playing tennis .
he is more lucky than clever .
he is most likely to succeed .
he is no longer welcome here .
he is our teacher of english .
he is preparing for the test .
he is present at the meeting .
he is running short of funds .
he is seeking a new position .
he is something of an artist .
he is trusted by his parents .
he is very sensitive to cold .
he is watching my every move .
he kept all the windows open .
he kissed me on the forehead .
he knows a lot about animals .
he knows a lot about flowers .
he knows how to cheat people .
he learned the poem by heart .
he left school two weeks ago .
he let me use his typewriter .
he likes all kinds of sports .
he likes walking in the park .
he lived alone in the forest .
he made a mistake on purpose .
he made fun of our ignorance .
he made me carry his baggage .
he made reference to my book .
he may have missed the train .
he moved from place to place .
he needs to follow my advice .
he never goes out after dark .
he never seems to grow older .
he patted me on the shoulder .
he played the part of hamlet .
he plays the piano very well .
he presented her with a doll .
he pretended to be my friend .
he promised he would help us .
he promised me to come early .
he ran away with the diamond .
he rarely goes to the movies .
he refused to take the bribe .
he said he knows this secret .
he sat with his legs crossed .
he should atone for his sins .
he should have been an actor .
he showed us a beautiful hat .
he slipped out the back door .
he sometimes comes to see me .
he stared at the steep slope .
he stayed out of public life .
he stood with his feet apart .
he stuck with his own theory .
he studied the way birds fly .
he told me just the opposite !
he tried to commit a suicide .
he turned out to be innocent .
he wanted to become a farmer .
he wanted to test his limits .
he was burning up with fever .
he was innocent of the crime .
he was jealous of my success .
he was not a good politician .
he was proud of his daughter .
he was stunned by her beauty .
he was surprised at the news .
he was surprised by the news .
he was tricked into doing it .
he was unaware of the danger .
he was wounded in a burglary .
he was wounded in the battle .
he washes the car every week .
he went fishing in the river .
he went hunting in the woods .
he went to tokyo on business .
he went upstairs to her room .
he will become a good doctor .
he will leave japan in april .
he will not be back tomorrow .
he will regret his own words .
he wishes to become a doctor .
he wondered why she did that .
he worked far into the night .
he works in the car industry .
he would not raise my salary .
he wouldn't even speak to me .
he wrote a book on porcelain .
he's a world - class scientist .
he's aware of his own faults .
he's head over heels in love .
he's not supposed to be here .
he's out of town on business .
he's the perfect man for you .
he's waiting for you at home .
her beauty will fade in time .
her father works at the bank .
her mother is a good pianist .
her theory is based on facts .
her uncle is a famous doctor .
here is where it all happens .
his debt came to 100 dollars .
his jokes had us in stitches .
his long speech bored us all .
his nose is his best feature .
his story moved her to tears .
his success went to his head .
hold the box with both hands .
honesty pays in the long run .
hope you had a good birthday .
how about eating out with me ?
how about going to the movie ?
how are you doing these days ?
how can i solve this problem ?
how can you be so optimistic ?
how come you don't know this ?
how come you're not the boss ?
how could you be so careless ?
how dare you speak like that ?
how did you get into harvard ?
how did you manage to escape ?
how is your job search going ?
how long did you stay abroad ?
how long will the storm last ?
how long will you be staying ?
how many books have you read ?
how many friends do you have ?
how many hours is the flight ?
how many men have you killed ?
how many pencils do you have ?
how many people did you kill ?
how many sisters do you have ?
how much do the carrots cost ?
how much does the shirt cost ?
how much does this book cost ?
how much is the monthly rate ?
how much longer will it take ?
how often do you go shopping ?
how tall is the eiffel tower ?
how would you like your eggs ?
how's tom going to find mary ?
i admire him for his courage .
i advise you to stop smoking .
i always wanted a tree house .
i am amazed at your audacity .
i am ashamed of your conduct .
i am doubtful of his success .
i am familiar with his music .
i am familiar with your name .
i am fond of australian food .
i am more beautiful than you .
i am not acquainted with him .
i am not concerned with this .
i am surprised to learn this .
i am taking french next year .
i am thinking of my vacation .
i am trying to learn english .
i asked tom what he'd advise .
i asked for my father's help .
i asked what tom was reading .
i assume that was tom's idea .
i assume you don't want this .
i assumed that she was there .
i ate lunch in the cafeteria .
i bear no grudge against you .
i believe that he comes here .
i belong to the sailing club .
i bought a book of folktales .
i bought them each a present .
i bought two loaves of bread .
i can never thank you enough .
i can recommend it to anyone .
i can speak english a little .
i can speak a little english .
i can't be something i'm not .
i can't bear this any longer .
i can't believe i kissed you .
i can't condone what you did .
i can't deal with this place .
i can't decide what to order .
i can't explain it right now .
i can't find the right words .
i can't get involved in this .
i can't hear anything at all .
i can't help laughing at her .
i can't help laughing at him .
i can't just not do anything .
i can't lift the sack either .
i can't really talk about it .
i can't recall who said that .
i can't say that didn't hurt .
i can't speak english at all .
i can't stand all this noise .
i can't stay here any longer .
i can't take this any longer .
i can't think about this now .
i cannot find fault with him .
i could not eat another bite .
i couldn't afford to do that .
i dated mary for three years .
i demand that he be punished .
i did better than i expected .
i didn't catch what you said .
i didn't even get a postcard .
i didn't even try to respond .
i didn't know about his plan .
i didn't know it was snowing .
i didn't know we had company .
i didn't know you were awake .
i didn't leave the door open .
i didn't mean to confuse him .
i didn't mean to disturb you .
i didn't mean to hurt anyone .
i didn't see anyone using it .
i didn't see who was driving .
i didn't think you were home .
i didn't think you'd show up .
i didn't think you'd tell me .
i didn't try to kill anybody .
i didn't want that to happen .
i didn't want this to happen .
i didn't want to disturb tom .
i didn't want to involve you .
i didn't want to look stupid .
i disapprove of what you say .
i don't care about your past .
i don't care much for coffee .
i don't care what people say .
i don't care why you're late .
i don't drink that much beer .
i don't feel like eating now .
i don't feel like getting up .
i don't have all the details .
i don't have the address now .
i don't have time to explain .
i don't know much about that .
i don't know what that means .
i don't know what that meant .
i don't know what this means .
i don't know what to believe .
i don't know when he'll come .
i don't know where i'd begin .
i don't know where i'm going .
i don't know where she lives .
i don't know which to choose .
i don't know why he's crying .
i don't know why it happened .
i don't like people like tom .
i don't like to be disturbed .
i don't really have a choice .
i don't remember that at all .
i don't take orders from you .
i don't talk to them anymore .
i don't think i ordered that .
i don't think i was followed .
i don't think tom heard mary .
i don't think he is truthful .
i don't trust him any longer .
i don't usually eat red meat .
i don't want to be different .
i don't want to be exploited .
i don't want to eat anything .
i don't want to get involved .
i don't want to play anymore .
i don't want to talk anymore .
i drink my tea without sugar .
i enjoyed every minute of it .
i feel like i'm going insane .
i feel like i've been reborn .
i feel really bad about this .
i figured i had enough money .
i figured you'd want to know .
i finished all my work early .
i followed him into his room .
i forgot something in my car .
i found the book by accident .
i found the boy sound asleep .
i got a little too impatient .
i got slapped on both cheeks .
i got the ticket for nothing .
i got you a little something .
i had some cash stashed away .
i had something else in mind .
i had such a happy childhood .
i had the exact same feeling .
i had to do everything alone .
i hadn't planned to tell you .
i have a good appetite today .
i have a proposition for you .
i have a slight headache now .
i have a throbbing pain here .
i have absolute trust in him .
i have absolute trust in you .
i have already read the book .
i have been to london before .
i have hardly any money left .
i have just finished my work .
i have lived here since 1990 .
i have never been to america .
i have read this book before .
i have seen that girl before .
i have something to give you .
i have something to show you .
i have something to tell you .
i have things to do tomorrow .
i have to show you something .
i have to solve this problem .
i have to tell him something .
i have two questions for you .
i haven't eaten in four days .
i haven't found a doctor yet .
i haven't seen him for years .
i hear that he's still alive .
i hear you're good at french .
i heard someone call my name .
i heard you just got married .
i held the umbrella over her .
i hope he'll get better soon .
i hope this can help someone .
i hope you enjoyed your trip .
i just assumed you'd be here .
i just can't believe my eyes .
i just felt like coming home .
i just got here this morning .
i just had our house painted .
i just had this suit cleaned .
i just wanted to say goodbye .
i just wanted to write songs .
i knew i was making mistakes .
i know tom saved mary's life .
i know some of tom's friends .
i know that tom isn't stupid .
i know that you're a teacher .
i know very little about him .
i know what you are thinking .
i know who killed my parents .
i know you have a girlfriend .
i know you're richer than me .
i know your father very well .
i laughed in spite of myself .
i learned a lot this weekend .
i left something in the room .
i left you a couple messages .
i lied on my job application .
i like french food very much .
i like meat better than fish .
i live a totally normal life .
i lived abroad for ten years .
i love cooking for my family .
i managed to find his office .
i managed to finish the work .
i may have hurt his feelings .
i may have something for you .
i may not get another chance .
i mentioned your name to him .
i missed school for six days .
i mistook him for my brother .
i moved back with my parents .
i must find some new friends .
i must get my watch repaired .
i must have the wrong number .
i need something for a child .
i need something to write on .
i need to finish my homework .
i need to get another lawyer .
i need to practice my french .
i need to show you something .
i never drink tea with lemon .
i never heard from him again .
i never learned how to write .
i never said you couldn't go .
i never said you were boring .
i never saw tom before today .
i never thought i'd find tom .
i never thought i'd say that .
i often go fishing with them .
i only slept for three hours .
i ordered a book from london .
i promise i will protect you .
i promise it won't take long .
i promise to come back early .
i quit smoking two years ago .
i rarely listen to the radio .
i read this in the newspaper .
i really am glad you're here .
i really can't figure it out .
i really didn't want to play .
i really don't have the time .
i really don't need any help .
i really like being with you .
i really want to believe you .
i received a letter from her .
i relayed the message to tom .
i returned tom's book to him .
i seem to have a temperature .
i seldom listen to the radio .
i sent the parcel by airmail .
i should've known it was you .
i shouldn't have sold my car .
i slept very well last night .
i still can't believe we won .
i study from eight to eleven .
i suggest we take the stairs .
i suppose it can't be helped .
i suppose you think i'm nuts .
i suppose you think i'm rich .
i suppose you've got a point .
i swear i didn't do anything .
i tanned myself on the beach .
i think i'd better stay here .
i think i'll always love you .
i think i'll come back later .
i think tom stole my bicycle .
i think tom wants mary's job .
i think it's much better now .
i think she will divorce him .
i think that's a stupid idea .
i think we both should leave .
i think we found the problem .
i think we should follow tom .
i think we'd better be going .
i think we'd better help tom .
i think we've made our point .
i think you have my umbrella .
i think you must be mistaken .
i think you should leave now .
i think you'd better give up .
i thought i had enough money .
i thought i heard your voice .
i thought tom would say that .
i thought it might be useful .
i thought that he was honest .
i thought we could do better .
i thought you could use this .
i thought you might be upset .
i thought you read my resume .
i thought you wanted to wait .
i thought you were in charge .
i thought you were my friend .
i thought you would say that .
i thought you'd want it back .
i thought you'd want to know .
i told you everything i knew .
i trusted him with the money .
i waited more than two hours .
i want another cup of coffee .
i want exactly what you want .
i want ice cream for dessert .
i want my room painted white .
i want something good to eat .
i want something to write on .
i want the work done quickly .
i want time instead of money .
i want to convey my sympathy .
i want to deposit some money .
i want to eat something good .
i want to show you something .
i want to travel by airplane .
i want to try something else .
i wanted to make new friends .
i wanted to work this summer .
i was aching from the injury .
i was alone in the classroom .
i was ashamed of my behavior .
i was aware of being watched .
i was disappointed in my son .
i was home all day yesterday .
i was invited to tom's party .
i was just leaving home then .
i was laughed at by everyone .
i was only saying my prayers .
i was outraged by his answer .
i was too surprised to speak .
i was very worried about her .
i wash my face every morning .
i went swimming in the river .
i went there dozens of times .
i went to donate blood today .
i went to the park yesterday .
i will deal with them myself .
i will never have a daughter .
i will quit smoking for good .
i will speak to you tomorrow .
i wish i could speak english .
i wish i had eaten breakfast .
i wish it would stop raining .
i wish you'd never been born .
i wish you'd stop doing that .
i woke up early this morning .
i won't be running for mayor .
i wonder if he's really sick .
i work as a museum attendant .
i worked hard for this money .
i worked really hard on this .
i would do anything but that .
i would like to study arabic .
i would like to travel alone .
i would not go skating today .
i would rather have a coffee .
i wouldn't want to miss this .
i'd like to attend the party .
i'd like to book three seats .
i'd like to file a complaint .
i'd like to look things over .
i'd like to see your warrant .
i'd like to sit further back .
i'd like two kilos of apples .
i'd rather be poor than rich .
i'd rather do this by myself .
i'll always be there for you .
i'll apply for the job today .
i'll be here until next week .
i'll call if i hear anything .
i'll come again on the tenth .
i'll go get the proper forms .
i'll have them repair my car .
i'll try and reason with tom .
i'm a little out of practice .
i'm a little short this week .
i'm afraid i've got bad news .
i'm afraid tom will get lost .
i'm afraid of the same thing .
i'm afraid the rumor is true .
i'm afraid we can't help you .
i'm afraid we have a problem .
i'm afraid we have no choice .
i'm afraid we're out of time .
i'm afraid you can't do that .
i'm already in love with tom .
i'm asking you for your help .
i'm assuming you have a plan .
i'm at the airport right now .
i'm beginning to smell a rat .
i'm breaking in my new shoes .
i'm confused enough as it is .
i'm doing this for my family .
i'm falling in love with you .
i'm fed up with this weather .
i'm fully aware of that fact .
i'm getting too old for this .
i'm giving my old books away .
i'm giving you what you want .
i'm glad things went so well .
i'm glad to finally meet you .
i'm glad to see you're happy .
i'm glad you brought that up .
i'm glad you brought this up .
i'm glad you decided to come .
i'm glad you didn't call tom .
i'm glad you got home safely .
i'm glad you're here with me .
i'm going back to the office .
i'm going on a business trip .
i'm going to be your teacher .
i'm going to call the police .
i'm going to change my shirt .
i'm going to do some reading .
i'm going to figure this out .
i'm going to fix some dinner .
i'm going to let tom respond .
i'm going to miss this place .
i'm going to move next month .
i'm going to save more money .
i'm going to use it tomorrow .
i'm happy with what i've got .
i'm never at home on sundays .
i'm not even a little hungry .
i'm not giving you any money .
i'm not going to skate today .
i'm not sure if that'll help .
i'm not sure when he'll come .
i'm not sure where tom lives .
i'm not that surprised by it .
i'm really glad to hear that .
i'm really going to miss tom .
i'm saving this seat for tom .
i'm sick of this hot weather .
i'm sorry i broke my promise .
i'm sorry if i disturbed you .
i'm sure tom had his reasons .
i'm sure you'll do very well .
i'm tired of waiting in line .
i'm used to getting up early .
i'm very glad i wasn't there .
i'm very pleased to meet you .
i'm your boyfriend , aren't i ?
i've always wanted to try it .
i've been all over the world .
i've been hoping to meet you .
i've been to the post office .
i've brought a cup of coffee .
i've fallen in love with you .
i've fixed the radio for him .
i've got blisters on my feet .
i've got nothing more to say .
i've got nothing to do today .
i've got some very good news .
i've had a very busy morning .
i've left my charger at home .
i've never even told my wife .
i've never seen him in jeans .
i've never seen you so happy .
i've saved the best for last .
if only i'd done my homework !
is tom cleaning his room now ?
is tom still in the hospital ?
is anybody else in the house ?
is he planning on helping us ?
is that going to happen soon ?
is that really what you want ?
is that what you really want ?
is that what's going on here ?
is there a hotel around here ?
is there a mailbox near here ?
is there anything you can do ?
is there something we can do ?
is this why you've come back ?
is your father in the garden ?
is your school far from here ?
isn't that just a brush fire ?
it all happened kind of fast .
it appears that he is honest .
it can be confusing at first .
it could've been a lot worse .
it didn't even cross my mind .
it didn't work for me either .
it is dangerous to swim here .
it looks like we're all here .
it must have slipped my mind .
it rained hard all day today .
it sounds very strange to me .
it was a beautiful sunny day .
it was a calm winter evening .
it was a warm summer evening .
it was all covered with dust .
it was dark under the bridge .
it was harder than i thought .
it was just a stupid mistake .
it was nice meeting you here .
it's a dead - end relationship .
it's a type of body piercing .
it's a whole other ball game .
it's a wonderful work of art .
it's about time we went back .
it's already time to go home .
it's cheaper to take the bus .
it's high time you got going .
it's his first day at school .
it's kind of hard to explain .
it's necessary for you to go .
it's never too late to learn .
it's never too late to start .
it's no use arguing with tom .
it's no use arguing with him .
it's not like i'm not trying .
it's not sure it will happen .
it's rude to point at anyone .
it's still too early to tell .
it's the logical thing to do .
it's their problem , not ours .
it's time to clean your room .
it's your civic duty to vote .
just give me one more chance .
keep an eye on this suitcase .
keep that thing away from me .
keep your dirty hands off me !
keep your hands on the wheel .
kyoto has many places to see .
learn to walk before you run .
let me know when you're done .
let me save you some trouble .
let's all take a deep breath .
let's all take off our shoes .
let's begin our work at once .
let's find tom a nice office .
let's get to know each other .
let's go if it's not raining .
let's go to the mall tonight .
let's sit down on that bench .
let's take a 10 minute break .
let's talk to tom about that .
look at the cloud over there .
make a circle and hold hands .
mary is beautiful , isn't she ?
mary is knitting tom a scarf .
mary is studying in her room .
mary likes both tom and john .
mary said tom was in trouble .
may i turn on the television ?
may i use the vacuum cleaner ?
maybe we should go to boston .
maybe we should just give up .
meat should not be eaten raw .
mom and dad are very nervous .
money does not grow on trees .
most of her friends are boys .
most of my friends are girls .
most of them just don't care .
my aunt died an old spinster .
my boss was forced to resign .
my brother has a good memory .
my car is now being repaired .
my car was stolen last night .
my cousin is hooked on smack .
my father is fifty years old .
my father works in a factory .
my father's car is very nice .
my father's going to kill me .
my friend called me a coward .
my hard drive is almost full .
my house is five blocks away .
my house is near the station .
my life is empty without him .
my mother's going to kill me .
my sister is in her twenties .
my sister is younger than me .
my sister's going to kill me .
my watch is ten minutes fast .
my watch is ten minutes slow .
my wife is cooking right now .
never give up on your dreams .
no man can serve two masters .
no one could find the answer .
no one was absent except her .
no student went to the party .
nobody backed up what i said .
nobody can keep us apart now .
nobody forced you to help me .
nobody thinks this is a joke .
nobody told me you were here .
none of these eggs are fresh .
none of this makes any sense .
nothing is new under the sun .
now it's time to make amends .
old habits are hard to break .
one of the lions has escaped .
our garden was full of weeds .
our little boy is growing up .
our mother bought us a puppy .
our team is two points ahead .
our team lost the first game .
perhaps you should buy a gun .
please come and see me again .
please don't be sad any more .
please find out where she is .
please go on with your story .
please let in some fresh air .
please send the book by mail .
please wait here for a while .
please write down what i say .
put an icepack on your cheek .
put some water into the vase .
read the article on page two .
rice gruel is easy to digest .
roulette is a game of chance .
rules are meant to be broken .
sawako wants to go to france .
say which one you would like .
she advised him not to smoke .
she advised me where to stay .
she asked him for some money .
she asked him where he lived .
she asked me about my mother .
she brought him to our place .
she came home in low spirits .
she came to see us yesterday .
she caught a cold last night .
she clearly does not mean it .
she didn't like him at first .
she didn't tell me the truth .
she doesn't know how to swim .
she doesn't know what to say .
she dressed up for the party .
she earns 30 dollars per day .
she gave birth to twin girls .
she gave me her phone number .
she gave me some good advice .
she gets along well with him .
she gets prettier day by day .
she got married in her teens .
she has a bath every morning .
she has an advantage over me .
she has been to england once .
she has lived alone for ages .
she has never fallen in love .
she has never seen it before .
she invited him to her party .
she invited me to the ballet .
she is a most beautiful lady .
she is a second year student .
she is absorbed in her study .
she is envious of my success .
she is good at imitating him .
she is more wise than clever .
she is never late for school .
she is on the teaching staff .
she is proud of her children .
she is proud of her daughter .
she is proud of her students .
she is rather poor at tennis .
she is really in good health .
she is trying to lose weight .
she is very bitter toward me .
she is working night and day .
she kept crying all the time .
she left the last page blank .
she likes to listen to music .
she lives on a small pension .
she looked at me and laughed .
she looked up at the ceiling .
she made him a simple dinner .
she made jam from the apples .
she mistook me for my sister .
she needs to be more careful .
she passed away two days ago .
she pleaded with him to stay .
she pretended not to hear me .
she rides her bike to school .
she saw a tall man yesterday .
she saw him break the window .
she seems to have been happy .
she slipped her arm into his .
she squeezed a lemon for tea .
she suggested that he try it .
she thanked him for his help .
she took part in the contest .
she tried on the party dress .
she waited for him for hours .
she was absorbed in her work .
she was barred from the club .
she was deceived by a friend .
she was dressed all in black .
she was hurt in the accident .
she was on verge of fainting .
she was present at the party .
she was sitting under a tree .
she was talking all the time .
she was there in the morning .
she was too shocked to speak .
she will be here before long .
she wouldn't give him a gift .
she writes to him every week .
she's a member of a sorority .
she's a single mother of two .
she's well known as a singer .
shouldn't you be at work now ?
smith died of a heart attack .
some of the money was stolen .
some of these apples are bad .
sometimes i run out of money .
stop acting like such a fool .
stop staring at me like that .
stop talking to me about tom .
stop . you're making me blush .
strike while the iron is hot .
such a person is seldom dull .
suddenly , the light went out .
tell me again where you live .
thank you all for being here .
thank you for helping me out .
that article is out of stock .
that baby is fat and healthy .
that bridge is made of stone .
that bullet was meant for me .
that car belongs in a museum .
that comes to the same thing .
that didn't even occur to me .
that doesn't mean i can stay .
that dress looks good on you .
that guy gives me the creeps .
that has fallen out of style .
that is a very good question .
that is no business of yours .
that isn't the case in japan .
that message was sent by tom .
that never used to bother me .
that reminds me of my father .
that sounds like a good deal .
that sounds like a good idea .
that textbook is out of date .
that tie suits you very well .
that wasn't accurate , was it ?
that wasn't part of the plan .
that wouldn't be a good idea .
that's a good picture of you .
that's all i was waiting for .
that's exactly how i want it .
that's how most people do it .
that's my problem , not yours .
that's not for you to decide .
that's not how i remember it .
that's not what i just heard .
that's not what i was saying .
that's not what i'm here for .
that's the house i stayed in .
that's the part i liked best .
that's what i said all along .
that's what i wanted to hear .
that's what i was working on .
that's what i'd like to know .
that's what i'm trying to do .
that's why i worry about you .
the apple fell from the tree .
the baby was quiet all night .
the bank is closed on sunday .
the bear was eating an apple .
the bike screeched to a stop .
the boy looked into the room .
the bucket was full of water .
the car is waxed and shining .
the car ran into a guardrail .
the cat didn't move a muscle .
the cat was licking its paws .
the cats are afraid of water .
the cliff hangs over the sea .
the cost of living has risen .
the door could not be opened .
the dress fits you very well .
the early bird gets the worm .
the elevator is out of order .
the floor must be kept clean .
the floor must be very clean .
the girl caught a small fish .
the girls bought him a watch .
the lawn needs to be watered .
the leaves fell to the earth .
the letter was signed by tom .
the magazines were dog - eared .
the main valve is turned off .
the man was a total stranger .
the meeting is ten days away .
the meeting was all but over .
the nurse hit a blood vessel .
the old man died from hunger .
the old man has enough money .
the old man starved to death .
the pasture is full of weeds .
the plate is made of plastic .
the reason for this is plain .
the road is jammed with cars .
the roof leaks when it rains .
the ship set sail for bombay .
the shop is closed on sunday .
the sky was bright and clear .
the story had a happy ending .
the stream is not very swift .
the sun gives light and heat .
the sun rises in the morning .
the thieves hid in the woods .
the time for talking is over .
the traffic ground to a halt .
the train left two hours ago .
the tree fell down by itself .
the trees were full of birds .
the truth shall set you free .
the two men were not related .
the wall is two meters thick .
the word is unfamiliar to me .
the work is not finished yet .
the wound has not healed yet .
the young guy wants to drink .
there are holes in the floor .
there are only two days left .
there is a full moon tonight .
there is nothing like a walk .
there is only one bath towel .
there was a church here once .
there wasn't a soul in sight .
there's a park near my house .
there's a small price to pay .
there's more to it than that .
there's still a lot to learn .
these hats are the same size .
they are much taller than us .
they are not my real parents .
they are running in the park .
they assigned the task to us .
they began to climb the hill .
they bought a box of cookies .
they closed the shop at five .
they come from the same town .
they crawled out of the cave .
they did not keep their word .
they did what they were told .
they forgot to lock the door .
they have to be very careful .
they invited me to the party .
they just taught me to swear .
they left it under the table .
they live on the floor below .
they received a box of books .
they tried to swim to safety .
they wanted to steal the car .
they worshiped him as a hero .
they're going to have a look .
they've been at it for hours .
things are about to get ugly .
things can't be all that bad .
this book sold well in japan .
this car has a good warranty .
this chair needs to be fixed .
this door leads to the study .
this dress fits me very well .
this dress is a good bargain .
this dress looks good on you .
this fashion has had its day .
this hall was full of people .
this hat's too small for you .
this is a book about england .
this is a kind of watermelon .
this is a very good question .
this is a very rare specimen .
this is a very serious issue .
this is going to be fabulous .
this is not a dating website .
this is the very best method .
this is very important to us .
this is where it all happens .
this is where the fun begins .
this may be your last chance .
this museum is worth a visit .
this photo was taken in nara .
this road leads to hong kong .
this road leads to the river .
this room is air - conditioned .
this sounds like a good idea .
this watch is a real bargain .
this water is a little salty .
this will help keep you warm .
this will only take a second .
this young couple is in love .
time has come to get serious .
today i have a good appetite .
today is a very exciting day .
tom and i work well together .
tom and mary are still young .
tom and mary are very hungry .
tom and mary aren't home yet .
tom and mary don't get along .
tom asked mary for some help .
tom ate all of the chocolate .
tom began to brush his teeth .
tom bought a house in boston .
tom can do anything he wants .
tom can't be older than mary .
tom can't have gone very far .
tom can't swim very well yet .
tom claimed to be mary's son .
tom comes from a good family .
tom decided to go home early .
tom decided to take a chance .
tom didn't know who mary was .
tom didn't see the stop sign .
tom didn't want to kiss mary .
tom died in autralia in 2013 .
tom died on monday in boston .
tom doesn't know how to swim .
tom doesn't know what to say .
tom doesn't know where to go .
tom doesn't want to go alone .
tom doesn't want us to leave .
tom eats less than mary does .
tom got stung by a jellyfish .
tom has a healthy life style .
tom has a very stressful job .
tom has done it enough times .
tom has more books than mary .
tom has never had much money .
tom has no problem with that .
tom helped mary dye her hair .
tom is a high school student .
tom is a very strange person .
tom is back in his apartment .
tom is having a heart attack .
tom is listening to his ipod .
tom is much fatter than mary .
tom is not my friend anymore .
tom is only thirty years old .
tom is still in the bathroom .
tom is swimming in the river .
tom is taking his final exam .
tom is very afraid of snakes .
tom isn't able to come today .
tom jumped out of the window .
tom kissed mary on the cheek .
tom knew that mary loved him .
tom knew there was a problem .
tom leaned down to kiss mary .
tom likes to climb the trees .
tom looked out of the window .
tom may do whatever he wants .
tom needs to be more careful .
tom never knew mary was rich .
tom never really got over it .
tom often stays up all night .
tom ought to stop doing that .
tom poured milk into the cup .
tom reads the new york times .
tom refused to pay his bills .
tom refused to sign his name .
tom rushed out of his office .
tom said he enjoyed the show .
tom said that he was thirsty .
tom sat at the kitchen table .
tom says that he detests war .
tom sent mary a text message .
tom should do what mary says .
tom sold his house in boston .
tom thought mary could do it .
tom told mary to stop eating .
tom waited more than an hour .
tom wanted to see mary happy .
tom wanted to stop and think .
tom wanted to tell the truth .
tom wanted to wash his hands .
tom wants to become a priest .
tom wants to go to australia .
tom was dressed all in black .
tom was hiding behind a tree .
tom was in boston last month .
tom was stabbed in the chest .
tom was wearing a brown coat .
tom went back to his bedroom .
tom went into the room first .
tom went to church with mary .
tom went with mary to boston .
tom will make a good teacher .
tom will never agree to that .
too many sweets make you fat .
turn down the volume , please .
turn left at the first light .
turn left at the next corner .
turn the radio down a little .
twenty people died in a fire .
two cars were in an accident .
variety is the spice of life .
visiting tom was a good idea .
wait here till he comes back .
was he in hokkaido last year ?
we all need to stay together .
we all need to work together .
we are liable for the damage .
we are not going on vacation .
we booked seats for the play .
we both know tom is innocent .
we can rely on his judgement .
we can't do this without you .
we can't trust what she says .
we can't waste even a minute .
we crossed the river by boat .
we didn't get paid this week .
we didn't give them a choice .
we don't have any bread left .
we don't have much in common .
we don't have much more time .
we don't have this in europe .
we don't have time to debate .
we don't know the answer yet .
we found all the boxes empty .
we found the boy fast asleep .
we got caught in a rainstorm .
we had better not mention it .
we have a colleague in spain .
we have little time to waste .
we lead a very ordinary life .
we listened to the bell ring .
we live close to the station .
we live far from the airport .
we live in the united states .
we must conform to the rules .
we must keep our hands clean .
we need more people like tom .
we need to water the flowers .
we really do need tom's help .
we saw smoke in the distance .
we should do this more often .
we should tell tom the truth .
we still have plenty of time .
we talked about it all night .
we took shelter under a tree .
we walked ten miles that day .
we went on a picnic together .
we were up all night talking .
we will be living in england .
we work every day but sunday .
we work from dawn until dusk .
we'd do anything to help you .
we'll be back here next week .
we'll be back on air shortly .
we'll have to take that risk .
we're going to be late again .
we're going to eat right now .
we're not in the 80s anymore .
we've got a mystery to solve .
we've had a very hard winter .
we've run enough for one day .
were you at home all morning ?
were you looking at her legs ?
what tom did was very stupid .
what are you trying to imply ?
what are you trying to prove ?
what cold drinks do you have ?
what do they call their baby ?
what do you call your mother ?
what do you expect to happen ?
what do you feel like eating ?
what do you think they'll do ?
what does that mean , exactly ?
what does this remind you of ?
what exactly am i paying for ?
what flower do you like best ?
what happened ? you look pale .
what is the capital of haiti ?
what is the speed limit here ?
what other choice did i have ?
what other choice do we have ?
what other options do i have ?
what she said made him angry .
what the devil are you doing ?
what time do you have supper ?
what time does the club open ?
what was served at the party ?
what would you do without me ?
what would you like to drink ?
what's the name of this tune ?
what's there to be afraid of ?
whatever you do , don't blink .
whatever you do , don't smile .
when did you finish the work ?
when is your book coming out ?
when shall i return the book ?
when should i return the car ?
when will we arrive in tokyo ?
when will you come back home ?
when would you like to begin ?
where can i do some shopping ?
where can i leave my bicycle ?
where did all this come from ?
where did this one come from ?
where did you buy that shirt ?
where did you go last sunday ?
where did you learn all that ?
where did you learn to shoot ?
where did you see that woman ?
where have you been all week ?
where on earth have you been ?
where would you like to live ?
where would you want to live ?
which credit cards can i use ?
which of you came here first ?
which one do you like better ?
which party do you belong to ?
which team will win the game ?
who invited tom to the party ?
who took part in the contest ?
who will look after the baby ?
who will look after your dog ?
who's to say which is better ?
whoever wants it may take it .
why are people afraid of you ?
why are people scared of tom ?
why are people scared of you ?
why are you drying your hair ?
why are you holding my hands ?
why are you making that face ?
why are you talking so funny ?
why aren't you talking to me ?
why did you change your mind ?
why didn't you call for help ?
why didn't you listen to him ?
why do people dye their hair ?
why do you think you're here ?
why don't i have a boyfriend ?
why don't we take the subway ?
why don't you leave me alone ?
why don't you take a picture ?
why hasn't tom come back yet ?
why not just call the police ?
why should i stop doing this ?
will it take long to recover ?
will the ice bear our weight ?
will the train leave on time ?
will you have dinner with me ?
will you introduce me to her ?
will you leave the door open ?
will you please come with me ?
will you show me the picture ?
winds from the sea are humid .
winds from the sea are moist .
windy this morning , isn't it ?
without you , i would've died .
won't you have some more tea ?
would 9 o'clock be all right ?
would you be friends with me ?
would you be willing to help ?
would you come here a moment ?
would you give me a discount ?
would you lend me some money ?
would you like a single room ?
would you like some more tea ?
would you like tea or coffee ?
would you like to freshen up ?
would you like to go dancing ?
would you show me some rings ?
you always were good at math .
you and i are going together .
you are both pretty and kind .
you are suitable for the job .
you can be anything you want .
you can do whatever you like .
you can easily find the bank .
you can go anyplace you like .
you can go anywhere you like .
you can go wherever you want .
you can't carry on like this .
you can't keep this a secret .
you can't know that for sure .
you can't park your car here .
you can't run away from this .
you didn't complain , did you ?
you don't have to work today .
you don't look like your dad .
you don't need to be nervous .
you feel lonesome , don't you ?
you gave me only fifty cents .
you had better start at once .
you have blood on your hands .
you have good taste in music .
you have to accept your role .
you know we'd never hurt you .
you look just like my sister .
you may choose what you like .
you may go anywhere you like .
you might be late for school .
you must allow for his youth .
you must not leave right now .
you must realize that by now .
you must think this is funny .
you need to accept your role .
you need to do more research .
you need to press the button .
you recognize her , don't you ?
you recognize him , don't you ?
you remind me of my daughter .
you remind me of your father .
you remind me of your mother .
you said you figured out why .
you said you wanted a family .
you should do that right now .
you should get your hair cut .
you should look that word up .
you should look this word up .
you should look up that word .
you should look up this word .
you should not speak so loud .
you were hungry , weren't you ?
you were scared , weren't you ?
you'd better go home at once .
you'd better not see her now .
you'd better take care of it .
you'll have to learn to cook .
you're almost as tall as tom .
you're still mad , aren't you ?
you're the girl of my dreams .
you've had all week to study .
your cat is driving me crazy .
your hands need to be washed .
your idea is similar to mine .
your pen is better than mine .
youth is wasted on the young .
a boy came running towards me .
a burnt child dreads the fire .
a crowd gathered at the scene .
a face appeared at the window .
a good citizen obeys the laws .
a good many people were there .
a new oil tanker was launched .
a new year always brings hope .
a number of books were stolen .
a square has four equal sides .
a unicycle has only one wheel .
above all , children need love .
actually , i feel like talking .
actually , i've never seen one .
actually , it was quite simple .
ah ! that clears up everything .
all of them are good teachers .
all our attempts were in vain .
all that glitters is not gold .
all the guests have gone home .
all the sails were taken down .
answer at once when spoken to .
any house is better than none .
anyone can write his own name .
are tom and mary your friends ?
are you a high school student ?
are you aware of any problems ?
are you on drugs or something ?
are you playing games with me ?
are you still working for tom ?
are you sure you're not tired ?
aren't you going to report it ?
aren't you pushing it too far ?
aren't you too young to smoke ?
ask if he wants another drink .
at last , they were reconciled .
at what time is dinner served ?
attach labels to all the bags .
be careful about what you eat .
bird watching is a nice hobby .
both of the brothers are dead .
boys can be trained to behave .
bread and milk are good foods .
bring me another fork , please .
call me if you find something .
can i bring you anything else ?
can i have some hot chocolate ?
can i have something to drink ?
can i help you find something ?
can i tell you guys something ?
can this wait until next week ?
can you guys solve the puzzle ?
can you help me with japanese ?
can you recommend a good play ?
can you swim across the river ?
can you tell right from wrong ?
can't this boat go any faster ?
can't we keep this between us ?
can't you just leave me alone ?
clearly , that wasn't the case .
close the door when you leave .
come home before it gets dark .
come on everyone , let's dance !
could i have some more coffee ?
could i please use your phone ?
could i say something , please ?
could somebody get me a spoon ?
could someone hand me a knife ?
could we have a table outside ?
could we make this a priority ?
could you get me another beer ?
could you give me some advice ?
could you repeat that , please ?
could you turn off the lights ?
did you call him up yesterday ?
did you catch the first train ?
did you come here by yourself ?
did you go to nikko yesterday ?
did you have a nice christmas ?
did you put on some sunscreen ?
did you sleep much last night ?
did you talk about your hobby ?
did you talk to tom yesterday ?
did you think about our offer ?
did you visit the tokyo tower ?
did you write down the number ?
didn't tom go to mary's house ?
didn't that strike you as odd ?
do not turn off your computer .
do the police know about this ?
do whatever you want about it .
do you enjoy living like this ?
do you have a twitter account ?
do you have a fishing license ?
do you have a hunting license ?
do you have a retirement plan ?
do you have any japanese beer ?
do you have any cheaper rooms ?
do you have any foreign books ?
do you have guests for dinner ?
do you have plans for tonight ?
do you have someplace to stay ?
do you have your plane ticket ?
do you know a good restaurant ?
do you know anything about it ?
do you know his older brother ?
do you remember what she said ?
do you study french every day ?
do you think tom saw anything ?
do you want something to read ?
doctors thought he had a cold .
does anyone know what this is ?
does it make a big difference ?
does that mean you won't come ?
does that seem strange to you ?
don't ask me about the speech .
don't be late to school again .
don't be so harsh on yourself .
don't be so rough on yourself .
don't be too hard on yourself .
don't blame him for the error .
don't bring your dog with you .
don't come so early next time .
don't ever make me wait again .
don't fall for his old tricks .
don't forget to call your mom .
don't forget to stir the stew .
don't get all high and mighty .
don't give up without a fight .
don't let the enemy get close .
don't let this chance slip by .
don't make me shoot you again .
don't point your finger at me .
don't put anything in the bag .
don't rely too much on others .
don't take this the wrong way .
don't think about it too much .
don't worry . i have insurance .
don't you ever say that again .
don't you ever touch me again .
don't you have any will power ?
don't you just love a mystery ?
don't you just love this town ?
don't you see what that means ?
don't you see what's going on ?
don't you think it went great ?
don't you think this suits me ?
don't you want some ice cream ?
don't you want to come inside ?
don't you wish you lived here ?
don't you worry about a thing .
dry the pants on the radiator .
each student has his own desk .
eleven o'clock is good for me .
empty the purse into this bag .
england is proud of her poets .
even my parents don't like me .
every little boy needs a hero .
everyone is going to be there .
everyone is very proud of you .
excuse me , i'm coming through .
fasten your seat belt , please .
few people live on the island .
finally , he achieved his goal .
fish cannot live out of water .
france was at war with russia .
frankly speaking , he is wrong .
fruit tends to rot right away .
give me something to write on .
give me three pieces of chalk .
greek is not an easy language .
half of the apples are rotten .
half of the melons were eaten .
hang that picture on the wall .
have you been listening to me ?
have you eaten your lunch yet ?
have you ever been to america ?
have you ever heard of nessie ?
have you ever lived in boston ?
have you figured out the cost ?
have you gone over the lesson ?
have you got something for me ?
have you known her since 1990 ?
have you made any friends yet ?
have you told tom you're here ?
he admitted that he was wrong .
he always says the same thing .
he always sings in the shower .
he asked a very good question .
he asked his friends for help .
he behaved himself like a man .
he behaved like he was afraid .
he belongs to our tennis team .
he belongs to the upper class .
he blamed me for the accident .
he bought me a new dictionary .
he came at about four o'clock .
he came back after many years .
he came in through the window .
he can speak chinese a little .
he can speak a little english .
he can't take care of himself .
he could do nothing but watch .
he could not believe his ears .
he could not walk any further .
he deserves to know the truth .
he didn't believe it at first .
he didn't give me much advice .
he didn't like to be punished .
he does not study hard enough .
he doesn't yet know the truth .
he dozed off in history class .
he dried himself with a towel .
he earns twenty dollars a day .
he encouraged me to try again .
he explained the matter to me .
he filled the glass with wine .
he gave me a penetrating gaze .
he had been walking for hours .
he has a fairly large fortune .
he has a heated swimming pool .
he has a lot of acquaintances .
he has a short attention span .
he has a very expensive watch .
he has never cleaned his room .
he hurried to catch the train .
he is a dentist by profession .
he is accustomed to hard work .
he is acquainted with my wife .
he is afraid of becoming sick .
he is ashamed of his behavior .
he is better than anyone else .
he is devoid of human feeling .
he is earning twice my salary .
he is generous to his friends .
he is generous with his money .
he is lying through his teeth .
he is proud of his collection .
he is something of a musician .
he is taller than his brother .
he is used to making speeches .
he is used to such situations .
he just loves to bully people .
he keeps his youth by jogging .
he knocked on the closed door .
he lived there all by himself .
he lives in a gated community .
he lives in an enormous house .
he looks just like his father .
he looks just like his mother .
he loves going to the theater .
he never saw his father again .
he never saw his mother again .
he never saw his sister again .
he often eats fish for dinner .
he paused to have a cigarette .
he played tennis all day long .
he plays the guitar very well .
he plays the violin very well .
he quickly runs out of breath .
he revealed the secret to her .
he sat listening to the radio .
he seems absorbed in his work .
he sees nothing wrong with it .
he shook hands with the mayor .
he showed up late to practice .
he slept with the window open .
he smoked a cigar after lunch .
he stayed at his aunt's house .
he stiffed me for fifty bucks .
he takes a walk every morning .
he thinks that she will leave .
he thought of a good solution .
he told me about the accident .
he wanted to please the crowd .
he wants to marry my daughter .
he was a disagreeable old man .
he was accused of evading tax .
he was attracted to the woman .
he was aware of being watched .
he was better than i expected .
he was busy with his homework .
he was found guilty of murder .
he was heard singing the song .
he was jogging down the beach .
he was playing tennis all day .
he was present at the meeting .
he was seen crossing the road .
he was willing to help others .
he will succeed to the throne .
he worked long into the night .
he works every day but sunday .
he would not follow my advice .
he wrapped his arms around me .
he wrote down all the details .
he'll be along in ten minutes .
he'll be back by five o'clock .
he'll be late for the meeting .
he'll be there in ten minutes .
he's a friend of my brother's .
he's going to cross the river .
he's more than likely to come .
he's very sloppy in his dress .
her eyes were full of sadness .
her eyes were red from crying .
her house is across the river .
her idea is better than yours .
her oldest son is not married .
her son will succeed for sure .
her watch is ten minutes slow .
here are some letters for you .
here's a basket full of fruit .
his advice didn't help at all .
his car collided with a train .
his child's life is in danger .
his death was partly my fault .
his essay is better than mine .
his face was covered with mud .
his girlfriend did it for him .
his house is across from mine .
his mother was ashamed of him .
his oldest son is not married .
his room is anything but neat .
his uncle died five years ago .
his watch is ten minutes slow .
his way of speaking annoys me .
hold the ball with both hands .
hold the vase with both hands .
how can i ever forgive myself ?
how could anyone be so stupid ?
how did you enjoy the concert ?
how did you solve the problem ?
how do you think you're doing ?
how is your job hunting going ?
how is your last name written ?
how long have you been abroad ?
how long have you been dating ?
how many books do you possess ?
how many brothers do you have ?
how many children do you have ?
how many men are guarding tom ?
how many nights will you stay ?
how many siblings do you have ?
how much did the tickets cost ?
how much do those things cost ?
how much do you have invested ?
how often have you been there ?
how old are your children now ?
how would you like your steak ?
how's the weather in new york ?
i accompanied him on the trip .
i admire you for your courage .
i agree with most people here .
i almost bought that same tie .
i always feel blue on mondays .
i am afraid of having trouble .
i am anxious about his health .
i am blessed with good health .
i am completely out of breath .
i am concerned for her safety .
i am disappointed at the news .
i am engaged in aids research .
i am going abroad this summer .
i am going out this afternoon .
i am happy with my girlfriend .
i am looking for an assistant .
i am making too many mistakes .
i am seeing my uncle tomorrow .
i am singing with my children .
i am thinking of going abroad .
i am very interested in music .
i am well acquainted with him .
i apologize if i offended you .
i arrived ahead of the others .
i believe in getting up early .
i believe that he is innocent .
i belong to the baseball team .
i belong to the swimming club .
i blamed him for the accident .
i borrowed this book from him .
i bought a new sewing machine .
i bought some cheese and milk .
i broke up with my girlfriend .
i brush my teeth after eating .
i called him to the telephone .
i called in sick this morning .
i can eat anything but onions .
i can no longer remain silent .
i can recommend a good lawyer .
i can respond to his question .
i can scarcely sleep at night .
i can't afford to play tennis .
i can't believe he kissed you .
i can't believe you said that .
i can't believe you'd do that .
i can't depend on you anymore .
i can't let that happen again .
i can't make you any promises .
i can't tell you anything yet .
i can't think of anybody else .
i cannot do without this book .
i caught a big fish yesterday .
i consider him a great writer .
i could use a little sympathy .
i couldn't catch what he said .
i did it without any problems .
i didn't believe him at first .
i didn't catch your last name .
i didn't know she was married .
i didn't mean to surprise you .
i didn't pay attention to him .
i didn't say it happened here .
i didn't see the fire hydrant .
i didn't see your car outside .
i didn't tell anyone about it .
i didn't think i should drive .
i didn't think anything of it .
i didn't think you needed one .
i didn't think you would come .
i didn't want to look foolish .
i didn't want to surprise you .
i do my homework after school .
i don't believe it any longer .
i don't care for foreign food .
i don't care what anyone says .
i don't care what you thought .
i don't consider tom a friend .
i don't even have a boyfriend .
i don't feel like watching tv .
i don't feel much like eating .
i don't have a younger sister .
i don't have any children yet .
i don't have any nice clothes .
i don't have anything to read .
i don't have much ready money .
i don't hold that against you .
i don't know boston that well .
i don't know french that well .
i don't know any martial arts .
i don't know anyone in boston .
i don't really need your help .
i don't think that he'll come .
i don't think that he's right .
i don't think they believe us .
i don't think your name's tom .
i don't usually eat this late .
i don't want to embarrass you .
i don't want to read anything .
i dream about you every night .
i dream about you quite often .
i dream of becoming a teacher .
i enjoy watching soccer on tv .
i excused myself for a minute .
i expected that he would come .
i feel i could've done better .
i feel very lonely these days .
i felt myself being lifted up .
i felt sure this would happen .
i figured you might want this .
i get nauseous whenever i fly .
i go shopping every other day .
i guess my mind just wandered .
i guess you'll need some help .
i had a conversation with tom .
i hate the tie you're wearing .
i hate those kinds of answers .
i have a serious skin problem .
i have neither time nor money .
i have no idea what'll happen .
i have nothing further to say .
i have only five thousand yen .
i have some cash stashed away .
i have something else in mind .
i have to tighten these bolts .
i haven't done this for years .
i haven't eaten for many days .
i haven't made a decision yet .
i haven't seen tom since 1988 .
i haven't seen her since then .
i haven't seen him since then .
i hear she's a famous actress .
i hope i'm not disturbing you .
i hope tom feels better today .
i hope it'll be fine tomorrow .
i hope that it rains tomorrow .
i hope that you aren't afraid .
i hope things will get better .
i hope your brother is better .
i informed her of his arrival .
i informed him of her arrival .
i just can't live without you .
i just cleaned all the tables .
i just couldn't do it anymore .
i just had the weirdest dream .
i just thought you were happy .
i just want everybody to live .
i just wanted to clarify that .
i knew they were your friends .
i knew this moment would come .
i knew we should've done that .
i know that you feel helpless .
i know what i'm talking about .
i know what they are thinking .
i know what you could've done .
i know you're smarter than me .
i know your brother very well .
i know your feelings are hurt .
i learned to live without her .
i left earlier than my sister .
i like coffee better than tea .
i like spending time with her .
i like spending time with you .
i look forward to my birthday .
i love him despite his faults .
i love spending time with you .
i love the taste of mushrooms .
i love you more than anything .
i loved working here with you .
i made him carry the suitcase .
i met her on campus yesterday .
i mistook tom for his brother .
i mistook him for his brother .
i must finish this work first .
i must have my watch repaired .
i nearly choked on a fishbone .
i need to make an appointment .
i needed time to convince her .
i never learned his real name .
i never liked that one anyway .
i never thought i'd finish it .
i never thought i'd want more .
i never wanted to hurt anyone .
i noticed that he had stopped .
i often go downtown on sunday .
i often play tennis on sunday .
i often went fishing with him .
i once worked in a restaurant .
i only did what was necessary .
i painted the roof light blue .
i played catch with my father .
i promise you i'll come early .
i promised not to tell anyone .
i quit smoking six months ago .
i ran ahead to warn everybody .
i really can't talk right now .
i really need to hit somebody .
i really think i should drive .
i really think we should talk .
i recommended tom for the job .
i relaxed at home last sunday .
i saw him crossing the street .
i saw the match on television .
i see nothing wrong with this .
i should have taken the money .
i should have told you before .
i shouldn't be talking to you .
i spent my vacation in hakone .
i stayed there for three days .
i suggested that she go alone .
i support you whole - heartedly .
i suppose you think i'm crazy .
i take care of my grandfather .
i thank you for your courtesy .
i think i did something wrong .
i think he's attracted to you .
i think it's a brilliant idea .
i think that's tom over there .
i think that's enough for now .
i think that's what tom wants .
i think you should choose tom .
i thought i'd always be alone .
i thought i'd never hear that .
i thought tom was from boston .
i thought tom was your friend .
i thought tom would be hungry .
i thought that you could swim .
i thought we already did that .
i thought we had an agreement .
i thought you already had one .
i thought you did fairly well .
i thought you might need help .
i thought you were a canadian .
i thought you'd want this one .
i told everyone to be careful .
i took part in the discussion .
i tossed and turned all night .
i use google almost every day .
i used to weigh seventy kilos .
i want a money back guarantee .
i want something hot to drink .
i want something sweet to eat .
i want something to drink now .
i want to be more independent .
i want to do something useful .
i want to eat chinese noodles .
i want to see the countryside .
i want to see your supervisor .
i want to teach you something .
i was forced to take medicine .
i was impressed with her work .
i was involved in the quarrel .
i was looking forward to this .
i was never worried about you .
i was not feeling very hungry .
i was often seized by despair .
i was planning on telling you .
i was thinking about the plan .
i was thinking of getting one .
i was too astonished to speak .
i was trying to be supportive .
i was wearing my best clothes .
i wasn't that smart in school .
i went camping with my family .
i went shopping in town today .
i went shopping with a friend .
i went there out of curiosity .
i will come earlier next time .
i will have to study tomorrow .
i will say something about it .
i will show you some pictures .
i will telephone you later on .
i wish it was valentine's day !
i won't live there ever again .
i wonder if this really works .
i wonder what happened to her .
i wonder who can swim fastest .
i work for a shipping company .
i wouldn't do that to anybody .
i wouldn't have dreamed of it .
i wouldn't spend my life here .
i wrote down his phone number .
i'd like to ask you something .
i'd like to buy this computer .
i'd like to change some money .
i'd like to do some traveling .
i'd like to improve my french .
i'd never seen tom cry before .
i'd rather stay home with you .
i'll be back within two hours .
i'll be careful with the kids .
i'll be free all day tomorrow .
i'll be there in five minutes .
i'll bring it to you tomorrow .
i'll call if i learn anything .
i'll call you some other time .
i'll certainly go and see him .
i'll come as soon as possible .
i'll come home by six o'clock .
i'll come to your house later .
i'll do anything but that job .
i'll do everything that i can .
i'll do your homework for you .
i'll keep this for future use .
i'll pay for your lunch today .
i'll pay you a visit sometime .
i'll pick you up after school .
i'll protect her with my life .
i'll show you around the city .
i'll show you around the town .
i'll study harder from now on .
i'll take my chances with you .
i'll tell tom to stay outside .
i'm always proud of my family .
i'm bored . let's do something .
i'm coming over to your place .
i'm drinking a beer right now .
i'm free every day but monday .
i'm getting a new house built .
i'm glad that makes you happy .
i'm glad you liked my friends .
i'm going to hanover with you .
i'm going to do some shopping .
i'm going to see her tomorrow .
i'm good at playing the piano .
i'm hearing that a lot lately .
i'm here if you need anything .
i'm just waiting for a friend .
i'm learning so much from you .
i'm not comparing tom to mary .
i'm not going to get involved .
i'm not going to stop working .
i'm not good at telling jokes .
i'm not scared of you anymore .
i'm not too worried about tom .
i'm really sorry to hear that .
i'm sick and tired of reading .
i'm so happy that you're here .
i'm sorry if i frightened you .
i'm sorry to upset your plans .
i'm sorry , i don't understand .
i'm still part of this family .
i'm sure i've seen him before .
i'm sure things will work out .
i'm surprised to see you here .
i'm taking an exam in january .
i'm the middle child of three .
i'm the only one who survived .
i'm tired of all this nagging .
i'm tired of all your fussing .
i'm tired of eating fast food .
i'm trying to clean the house .
i'm trying to save tom's life .
i'm used to working all night .
i'm very proud of my daughter .
i've always had a sweet tooth .
i've been sent to relieve you .
i've decided that we won't go .
i've got a pair of sunglasses .
i've got nothing in my fridge .
i've gotta go to the bathroom .
i've had enough of your lying .
i've never heard of that city .
i've never seen you like this .
if i'd only taken your advice !
if only i could speak english !
if only it would stop raining !
is tom jackson your real name ?
is he aware of the difficulty ?
is there anything else to eat ?
is there life on other worlds ?
is there some sort of problem ?
is this about the other night ?
is this one of your creations ?
is this store open on sundays ?
is your sister older than you ?
isn't it the other way around ?
isn't that where we first met ?
it all depends on the weather .
it already has taken me hours .
it happened to someone i know .
it has never been done before .
it is man's destiny to suffer .
it is raining worse than ever .
it is twenty minutes past ten .
it looks like we have company .
it rained for hours and hours .
it reminds me of my childhood .
it was a quiet winter evening .
it was blowing hard all night .
it was cheaper than i thought .
it was everything i hoped for .
it was not a complete victory .
it was really cold on tuesday .
it was very cold this morning .
it was yesterday that he died .
it will be winter before long .
it will get warmer and warmer .
it'll be hard to persuade tom .
it's a luxury we can't afford .
it's a time - honored tradition .
it's even worse than it looks .
it's four o'clock by my watch .
it's fun to ride a motorcycle .
it's going to be morning soon .
it's hard to throw things out .
it's not just about the money .
it's nothing to be ashamed of .
it's the largest in the world .
it's too dark to play outside .
it's too sunny to stay inside .
just call me when you're done .
just put yourself in my shoes .
just then , the telephone rang .
kabuki is an old japanese art .
keep to the left when driving .
leave that job to the experts !
let me tell you all something .
let me write down the address .
let's all remember to be nice .
let's clear this up right now .
let's do our best again today .
let's get on with the meeting .
let's head for that tall tree .
let's look at the big picture .
let's not wait for the others .
let's see what you have there .
let's take a break for coffee .
let's try to solve the riddle .
liars must have a good memory .
look at that koala over there .
look it up in your dictionary .
love makes the world go round .
loving is the essence of life .
many trees are bare in winter .
may i introduce myself to you ?
may all your dreams come true !
maybe tom has had an accident .
maybe it was just a nightmare .
maybe you should go to boston .
men and women need each other .
men can not exist without air .
most of his friends are girls .
most of the shops were closed .
my bike was stolen last night .
my boss made me work overtime .
my brother's going to kill me .
my business is slow right now .
my credit cards are maxed out .
my eyes get tired very easily .
my father bought me a bicycle .
my father does not like music .
my father has gone to america .
my friend lives in this house .
my grade is above the average .
my hands and legs are swollen .
my husband's going to kill me .
my mother likes tea very much .
my mother never gets up early .
my sister is shorter than you .
my watch is five minutes slow .
my watch keeps very good time .
my whole family is doing well .
my wisdom teeth are coming in .
my wish has finally come true .
natural food will do you good .
never forget to lock the door .
no one can escape growing old .
no one could solve the puzzle .
no one seems to smile anymore .
no one uses that word anymore .
nobody in the world wants war .
nobody wants to work with you .
none of the windows were open .
not all baby animals are cute .
nothing is the matter with me .
ok , let's assume you're right .
one in ten people have myopia .
one of the windows was broken .
one of them is probably lying .
our bus collided with a truck .
our class consists of 40 boys .
our former home was in sweden .
our little girl is growing up .
our school is fifty years old .
our teacher likes his new car .
our team is five points ahead .
pay attention to what he says .
pencils are sold by the dozen .
people have to obey the rules .
people say that life is short .
people used to travel on foot .
please bring me a clean knife .
please don't make me eat that .
please explain the rule to me .
please feed the dog every day .
please go on with your dinner .
please help me take this down .
please hold the line a moment .
please keep it under your hat .
please say hello to your wife .
please sit down on this chair .
please wait until i come back .
prices will continue to go up .
promise me you won't tell mom .
put the desk against the wall .
reflect on what you have done .
remind him to come home early .
run and hide in the mountains .
school begins at eight - thirty .
she advised him to save money .
she advised him where to stay .
she appears to have been rich .
she beckoned me into the room .
she cared for her sick father .
she crouched down by the gate .
she decided to resign her job .
she didn't pay back the money .
she died before coming of age .
she endured to the bitter end .
she forced him to eat spinach .
she gave in to the temptation .
she gave me a meaningful look .
she gave me a wonderful smile .
she has a daughter named mary .
she has a son everybody loves .
she has always lived in otaru .
she has been blind from birth .
she has never danced with him .
she hasn't heard the news yet .
she hired him as a programmer .
she introduced the lady to me .
she is a good english speaker .
she is afraid of barking dogs .
she is devoted to her husband .
she is doing her homework now .
she is fond of playing tennis .
she is giving a party tonight .
she is good at playing tennis .
she is married to a foreigner .
she is married to an american .
she is not afraid of anything .
she is paralyzed in both legs .
she is pleased with the dress .
she is taller than her sister .
she is working on the problem .
she isn't good enough for him .
she kept smiling all the time .
she laid herself on the grass .
she laughed so hard she cried .
she laughed to cover her fear .
she left home ten minutes ago .
she likes talking best of all .
she looked at him with hatred .
she looked at me in amusement .
she lost interest in her work .
she married him for his money .
she may have missed the train .
she may not like his attitude .
she mistook me for my brother .
she mistook my brother for me .
she nursed him back to health .
she patted me on the shoulder .
she plays the piano every day .
she plays the piano very well .
she pointed her finger at him .
she pretended to be a student .
she pushed him out the window .
she refused to take the money .
she reminds him of his mother .
she revealed her secret to us .
she runs fastest in our class .
she saw him eating a sandwich .
she says she is seeing things .
she shouted that she was safe .
she showed us a beautiful hat .
she stared at him with hatred .
she stayed there for a moment .
she surprised him with a kiss .
she takes care of my children .
she thought for a few minutes .
she tore his letter to pieces .
she tore the letter to pieces .
she tried to conceal the fact .
she urged him to study harder .
she visits us every other day .
she volunteered to do the job .
she waits tables for a living .
she wanted him to stay longer .
she wants to attend the party .
she was absorbed in the video .
she was beautiful in her time .
she was engrossed in her work .
she was in america last month .
she was merely stating a fact .
she was pleased with the gift .
she was sick in bed yesterday .
she was surprised at the news .
she was wearing a strange hat .
she was wearing an ugly dress .
she went to mexico by herself .
she will be here this evening .
she would not change her mind .
she writes with her left hand .
she's as pretty as her sister .
she's by far the tallest girl .
she's just putting up a front .
she's really smart , isn't she ?
she's six years older than me .
she's waiting for you at home .
show me what's in your pocket .
show me your passport , please .
so what are you talking about ?
so what were we talking about ?
some kinds of birds can't fly .
some of the crew were drowned .
some people have all the luck .
some words are hard to define .
somebody caught me by the arm .
sport is good for your health .
spring fever is not a disease .
stop talking and listen to me .
summers are very hot in kyoto .
tell me about your daily life .
tell me what we're doing here .
tell the truth no matter what .
thank you for listening to me .
thank you for your kind words .
that book is full of mistakes .
that boy speaks like an adult .
that building must be on fire .
that does make me feel better .
that doesn't make sense to me .
that dress is perfect for you .
that happened over a year ago .
that he loved her was certain .
that house is built of bricks .
that key doesn't fit the lock .
that leaves no room for doubt .
that man has a bad reputation .
that may be an important clue .
that movie star has many fans .
that pretty girl is my sister .
that should be enough for you .
that sounds like a great idea .
that sounds like a great plan .
that was tom's plan all along .
that wouldn't be a good thing .
that's how i injured my ankle .
that's how i would've done it .
that's not quite what i meant .
that's not what i'm afraid of .
that's only part of the truth .
that's what tom wants to know .
that's why i've done all this .
the airplane took off on time .
the almond trees are in bloom .
the apples are not quite ripe .
the argument ended in a fight .
the army forced him to resign .
the bank lent him 500 dollars .
the barber gave him a haircut .
the basket was full of apples .
the boy was sold into slavery .
the bus was two minutes early .
the candle went out by itself .
the capital of japan is tokyo .
the car crashed into the wall .
the cat crept toward the bird .
the children went out to play .
the climate is moist and warm .
the clock has just struck ten .
the clock is ten minutes slow .
the cloth was dyed bright red .
the coach gave me some advice .
the concert is about to start .
the cops won't find you there .
the decision is not yet final .
the desk is covered with dust .
the dictionary is on the desk .
the earth goes around the sun .
the first step is the hardest .
the food isn't very good here .
the food was better in prison .
the garden needs to be weeded .
the girl did not say anything .
the homework is due next week .
the house appears to be empty .
the house is not occupied now .
the kids are driving me crazy .
the king always wears a crown .
the letter was written by tom .
the light is better over here .
the money is at your disposal .
the moon is behind the clouds .
the noise set the dog barking .
the novel is worthy of praise .
the old man has missing teeth .
the pain has mostly gone away .
the park is open to everybody .
the plan is not yet finalized .
the police broke up the crowd .
the result remains to be seen .
the rich are not always happy .
the road was clear of traffic .
the robber bashed her head in .
the robot went out of control .
the room is covered with dust .
the sample is not pure enough .
the shoes are made of leather .
the shy boy murmured his name .
the summer here is quite warm .
the sun is the brightest star .
the sun shines during the day .
the town was full of activity .
the train has not arrived yet .
the train is bound for london .
the train leaves in 5 minutes .
the train was delayed by snow .
the troops had plenty of arms .
the twins are very much alike .
the two women know each other .
the vase was broken to pieces .
the war had lasted four years .
the whole class took the test .
the wind is blowing very hard .
there are 31 days in december .
there are cookies in the oven .
there are rats in the kitchen .
there are statues in the park .
there is no shortage of ideas .
there is snow on the mountain .
there were no more free seats .
there were two pieces of cake .
there's a cat under the table .
there's a new sheriff in town .
there's a river near my house .
there's no mention of it here .
there's no room under the bed .
there's no such thing as luck .
there's no way off the island .
there's nothing more i can do .
there's so much more to learn .
these cookies are star - shaped .
these shoes don't fit my feet .
they all joined in the chorus .
they all laughed at his error .
they all laughed at his jokes .
they aren't going to help tom .
they belong to the chess club .
they cleared the road of snow .
they did not have enough gold .
they have to repair their car .
they invited me to play cards .
they kept their love a secret .
they might be taller than you .
they refused to join the army .
they showed it to our company .
they started at the same time .
they stayed at a luxury hotel .
they waited for him for hours .
they were free at that moment .
they're not going to catch us .
they're the cream of the crop .
things are not what they seem .
things did not go as intended .
this book is full of mistakes .
this book sells well in japan .
this box is made of cardboard .
this bridge is built of stone .
this car doesn't belong to me .
this castle was built in 1610 .
this chimney is made of brick .
this clock seems to be broken .
this coffee is not hot enough .
this device may come in handy .
this doesn't look good at all .
this girl is driving me crazy .
this is a recipe for disaster .
this is an option to consider .
this is exactly what i needed .
this is how i learned english .
this is my natural hair color .
this is where my father works .
this is worth one million yen .
this isn't what tom needs now .
this isn't what it looks like .
this job is beyond my ability .
this knife has served me well .
this movie is for adults only .
this problem is hard to solve .
this product is well - designed .
this road needs to be repaved .
this ship was ten meters long .
this shirt needs to be washed .
this stays between you and me .
this story has a happy ending .
this tastes pretty good to me .
this train is bound for tokyo .
this tree does not bear fruit .
this was built since long ago .
this work is difficult for us .
tokyo is the capital of japan .
tom and mary decided to leave .
tom and mary grew up together .
tom began to worry about mary .
tom bought a present for mary .
tom bought a very good camera .
tom came here to study french .
tom can't rely on mary's help .
tom continued to talk to mary .
tom decided to enter the room .
tom didn't go to the hospital .
tom died from a drug overdose .
tom does nothing but watch tv .
tom doesn't even know my name .
tom doesn't like poker at all .
tom doesn't own a credit card .
tom dozed off in french class .
tom followed me to the garage .
tom found me a french teacher .
tom goes to school by bicycle .
tom greeted mary with a smile .
tom has a heavy german accent .
tom has already gone to sleep .
tom has never seen mary dance .
tom has something in his hand .
tom has something to tell you .
tom hasn't seen the video yet .
tom hates being told to hurry .
tom is a very creative person .
tom is playing the violin now .
tom is reading in his bedroom .
tom is taller than his mother .
tom is trying to learn french .
tom is waiting at the airport .
tom isn't a huge football fan .
tom isn't feeling at all well .
tom isn't very good at french .
tom kept his illness a secret .
tom knew mary had kissed john .
tom knew he was being watched .
tom knocked on the front door .
tom knows what the problem is .
tom lives and works in boston .
tom looked at it more closely .
tom looked closer at the food .
tom mistook me for my brother .
tom needs a change of scenery .
tom opened the window a crack .
tom plays organ at our church .
tom poured milk on his cereal .
tom said mary didn't like him .
tom said that he was innocent .
tom sang better than mary did .
tom saw mary break the window .
tom saw mary trying to escape .
tom says he's never owned car .
tom says that he never dreams .
tom screamed to mary for help .
tom screwed in the light bulb .
tom seldom goes out on monday .
tom sent mary a birthday card .
tom should be here any minute .
tom showed me his photo album .
tom showed us his photo album .
tom sometimes comes to see me .
tom spent thirty days in jail .
tom taught himself how to ski .
tom took a lot of photographs .
tom walked to the parking lot .
tom wanted me to learn french .
tom wanted to become a lawyer .
tom wanted to dance with mary .
tom wanted to make more money .
tom wanted to see mary's room .
tom wants to apologize to you .
tom wants to become a fireman .
tom wants to become a teacher .
tom was a very tough opponent .
tom went back into his office .
tom went down to the basement .
tom went home for the weekend .
tom won the contest last year .
tom would make a good teacher .
tom's house is near the beach .
tom's name is on the envelope .
tom's new wife's name is mary .
trees do not grow on prairies .
turn right at the next corner .
two heads are better than one .
two wrongs don't make a right .
was the victim male or female ?
we admire her for her bravery .
we are listening to the radio .
we are looking for each other .
we are staying at our uncle's .
we both have the same problem .
we can see many stars tonight .
we can't wait for the weekend .
we could all be dead tomorrow .
we don't have a second choice .
we don't have anything to eat .
we don't have the same values .
we don't want to pressure you .
we found the boy sound asleep .
we had a fire drill yesterday .
we had a very vigorous debate .
we had better call the police .
we have a good heating system .
we have achieved all our aims .
we have made friends with tom .
we have things all worked out .
we have to ask everybody this .
we have to solve this problem .
we hope you enjoyed your stay .
we know each other quite well .
we met at the designated spot .
we might have frost next week .
we must cut down our expenses .
we must do away with violence .
we must not break our promise .
we need more doctors like you .
we need to be more aggressive .
we need to get something done .
we need to know what happened .
we never speak french at home .
we often play cards on sunday .
we plan to go hiking tomorrow .
we played many kinds of games .
we really don't have a choice .
we really had nothing to lose .
we relaxed in the living room .
we saw another ship far ahead .
we should be better than this .
we should get along just fine .
we should take a coffee break .
we sometimes swim in the lake .
we spent hours looking for it .
we still don't know the truth .
we thought he was an american .
we took turns driving the car .
we usually sleep in this room .
we want to solve that problem .
we went swimming at the beach .
we went to the beach together .
we were caught in a snowstorm .
we were children at that time .
we were proud of our strength .
we wish you a pleasant flight .
we'll all die sooner or later .
we'll be back after the break .
we'll have to do this quickly .
we'll never get there in time .
we're all going to die anyway .
we're counting on you to help .
we're going to need some help .
we're going to paint the wall .
we're just having a good time .
we're sorry we can't help you .
we're trying to close the box .
we're working to fix this bug .
weeds sprang up in the garden .
were you with my father today ?
wet clothes cling to the body .
what a beautiful woman she is !
what a colossal waste of time !
what are we having for supper ?
what are you doing these days ?
what are you still doing here ?
what day are you usually free ?
what did you expect to happen ?
what do you learn english for ?
what do you learn spanish for ?
what is done cannot be undone .
what is wrong with you people ?
what keeps you awake at night ?
what made him change his mind ?
what prompted you to move out ?
what subject do you like best ?
what time are you coming back ?
what time did the meeting end ?
what time does the store open ?
what time does your class end ?
what will become of the child ?
what will the weather be like ?
what you were taught is wrong .
what're you doing with my car ?
when did you arrive in boston ?
when did you become a teacher ?
when did you two start dating ?
when will they give a concert ?
where are the toilets , please ?
where are you going on monday ?
where did the money come from ?
where did you hear that story ?
where did you put my umbrella ?
where did you see those women ?
where do we get the textbooks ?
where does all this come from ?
where should i put my baggage ?
where should i put my laundry ?
where's the rest of our class ?
where's the rest of the money ?
which airport do i leave from ?
which group is your friend in ?
which of them is your brother ?
who are you trying to impress ?
who buried the gold bars here ?
who else are we talking about ?
who has eaten all the cookies ?
who is going to speak tonight ?
who was the letter written to ?
why are all these people here ?
why are you really doing this ?
why are you wearing a sweater ?
why aren't you coming with us ?
why did tom leave so suddenly ?
why did the police arrest tom ?
why didn't you call me sooner ?
why didn't you dance with him ?
why don't i have a girlfriend ?
why don't we ask tom's advice ?
why don't we cancel the party ?
why don't we duck back inside ?
why don't you answer your dad ?
why don't you give up smoking ?
why don't you leave him alone ?
why have you been avoiding me ?
why is everyone looking at me ?
why is everyone looking at us ?
why were you holding his hand ?
will you all be here tomorrow ?
will you lend me your bicycle ?
will you please shut the door ?
will you stay at home tonight ?
will you switch seats with me ?
won't you go shopping with me ?
would you do something for me ?
would you like some more cake ?
would you mind coming with me ?
would you mind not doing that ?
would you put out the candles ?
you are nothing but a student .
you can borrow my car anytime .
you can eat whatever you like .
you can say whatever you want .
you can't be thirty years old .
you can't count on tom's help .
you can't count on their help .
you can't do this to yourself .
you can't get there from here .
you can't live on that island .
you can't park on this street .
you can't trust what she says .
you cannot live by love alone .
you cannot park your car here .
you didn't tell me tom smoked .
you don't have to answer that .
you don't need to convince me .
you don't need to study today .
you had better see the doctor .
you have a pretty good memory .
you have done a wonderful job .
you have to obey your parents .
you knew the answer all along .
you look good in this picture .
you make it sound very simple .
you must have seen them there .
you must know tom pretty well .
you must look after the child .
you must not behave like this .
you must pay attention to him .
you must think of your family .
you must work hard to succeed .
you need to save the princess .
you needn't have taken a taxi .
you never could keep a secret .
you probably just have a cold .
you remind me of your brother .
you said we'd never catch tom .
you said you wanted the truth .
you seem a million miles away .
you seem pretty calm about it .
you should ask tom for advice .
you should do that right away .
you should stay at home today .
you should tell him the truth .
you should try the exam again .
you shouldn't make fun of tom .
you were jealous , weren't you ?
you were just doing your duty .
you weren't serious , were you ?
you will need an armed escort .
you would make a great mother .
you'd better do what tom says .
you'd better go there on foot .
you'll have to cook more food .
you're going to have to leave .
you're going to love our food .
you're home early , aren't you ?
you're messing with me , right ?
you're never too old to learn .
you're not satisfied , are you ?
you're off the hook this time .
you're on the path of success .
you're the one who trained me .
you're the only friend i have .
you've been busy , haven't you ?
you've got a big day tomorrow .
you've got your permit , right ?
you've really helped me a lot .
you've taught us a great deal .
your bike is better than mine .
your new dress is very pretty .
your parents ought to know it .
your story is hard to believe .
your team is better than ours .
a bad habit is easily acquired .
a bad smell permeated the room .
a century is one hundred years .
a fallen tree blocked the path .
a great future lies before her .
a map helps us study geography .
a pretty waitress waited on us .
a strange feeling came over me .
a thick fog delayed our flight .
all tom does nowadays is study .
all of them were wearing black .
all the parking lots were full .
all the players did their best .
all the stones have been moved .
all their efforts were in vain .
all you do is criticize others .
an elephant is a strong animal .
another bottle of wine , please .
are you afraid of getting hurt ?
are you and tom still together ?
are you going away this summer ?
are you happy with the service ?
are you happy with your weight ?
are you listening to the radio ?
are you prepared for the worst ?
are you quite certain about it ?
are you saying that's not true ?
are you through with the paper ?
are you through with your work ?
are you two going out together ?
aren't you sick of eating here ?
at last , we reached california .
be careful not to cut yourself .
be careful with what you drink .
bee stings can be very painful .
beer bottles are made of glass .
bees fly from flower to flower .
birds learn to fly by instinct .
blood poured from the cut vein .
both tom and mary are teachers .
both of my sisters are married .
bring it back when you're done .
bring me today's paper , please .
business is so slow these days .
can i use my medical insurance ?
can we quit talking about this ?
can you come on sunday evening ?
can you please write that down ?
can you tell wheat from barley ?
can you think of anything else ?
can't you discount it a little ?
can't you guess what i'm doing ?
choose either one or the other .
could we go somewhere and talk ?
could you help us after school ?
could you show me that necktie ?
could you talk a little slower ?
could you turn the volume down ?
count the apples in the basket .
deposit your money in the bank .
did i give you that impression ?
did you understand any of that ?
do not say such foolish things .
do whatever you think is right .
do you believe tom is innocent ?
do you care about your privacy ?
do you enjoy working from home ?
do you guys need anything else ?
do you have any cough medicine ?
do you have any food allergies ?
do you have any foreign stamps ?
do you have this symptom often ?
do you like your hot chocolate ?
do you want some hot chocolate ?
does tom still play the guitar ?
does anybody have a can opener ?
does anyone want some more pie ?
does the end justify the means ?
does this look familiar to you ?
doesn't that strike you as odd ?
don't be ashamed of being poor .
don't be late for school again .
don't buy me any more presents .
don't do anything until i come .
don't expect any mercy from me .
don't forget that tom is blind .
don't forget to sign your name .
don't give in to peer pressure .
don't give it a second thought .
don't just whine , do something !
don't let him know her address .
don't lose your sense of humor .
don't make me lose my patience .
don't make me pull the trigger .
don't open the door for anyone .
don't point your gun at anyone .
don't pry into my private life .
don't raise my hopes like that .
don't say that word ever again .
don't sneak out of the concert !
don't step on the broken glass .
don't treat me like i'm stupid .
don't waste your breath on tom .
don't worry about such a thing .
don't you ever clean your room ?
don't you hear what i'm saying ?
don't you want to say anything ?
each child was given a present .
english is difficult , isn't it ?
even tom is a little surprised .
every nation has its own myths .
everyone in my family is happy .
everyone said that i was wrong .
everyone wanted to talk to tom .
father bought me a new bicycle .
feel free to ask any questions .
few girls were late for school .
few people came to the lecture .
few people know about the plan .
finally , i finished a painting .
finally , we arrived in england .
flying a kite can be dangerous .
forty people can't fit in here .
french is the language of love .
give me three pieces of salmon .
give my regards to your family .
has tom's dog ever bitten mary ?
has the jury reached a verdict ?
have both of you already eaten ?
have you ever dreamed about me ?
have you ever seen tokyo tower ?
have you finished the work yet ?
have you seen all these movies ?
have you turned in your report ?
have you worked the puzzle out ?
he admitted that he was guilty .
he advised us against doing it .
he always leaves home at seven .
he always wears his school tie .
he and i are childhood friends .
he arrived after the bell rang .
he asked his friend for advice .
he aspires to become a teacher .
he became a handsome young man .
he became more and more famous .
he bought his daughter a dress .
he broke the window on purpose .
he came to my office yesterday .
he can scarcely write his name .
he can't afford to get married .
he can't tell right from wrong .
he combined two ideas into one .
he comes here almost every day .
he could not control his anger .
he could not speak french well .
he couldn't take it any longer .
he dedicated his life to peace .
he denied having written to me .
he did not accept my apologies .
he did not understand her joke .
he didn't hear his name called .
he doesn't come here every day .
he drank three bottles of beer .
he earns his living by writing .
he entered the room on tiptoes .
he felt his heart beating fast .
he gorged himself on ice cream .
he has a very interesting book .
he has no chance of recovering .
he has no interest in politics .
he helped me carry the baggage .
he introduced his sister to me .
he is a very thoughtful person .
he is absent from school today .
he is actually not the manager .
he is anything but a gentleman .
he is ashamed to ask questions .
he is clever at making excuses .
he is confident of his ability .
he is enjoying his school life .
he is my husband's best friend .
he is not studying english now .
he is often absent from school .
he is something of a celebrity .
he is working in aids research .
he kept silent during the meal .
he learned how to raise cattle .
he left soon after our arrival .
he likes to sing popular songs .
he likes to talk about himself .
he listened , but heard nothing .
he lived abroad for many years .
he lives alone in an apartment .
he lives on his country estate .
he looks nothing like a doctor .
he looks older than my brother .
he made no effort to apologize .
he majored in drama at college .
he misses his family very much .
he moved back with his parents .
he must have entered this room .
he never gave in to temptation .
he never saw his brother again .
he often drives to the library .
he painted all the walls green .
he painted the door over white .
he pressed me against the wall .
he promised to write every day .
he quietly knocked at the door .
he rarely stays home on sunday .
he reached the rank of general .
he rescued a boy from drowning .
he said he would call tomorrow .
he said something to my friend .
he seldom writes to his father .
he sent his luggage in advance .
he shook hands with his friend .
he started to study in earnest .
he studied the flight of birds .
he thinks his job is pointless .
he thinks only of making money .
he took charge of the expenses .
he took the public by surprise .
he tossed and turned all night .
he tried to gain her affection .
he tried to restrain his anger .
he tried writing a short story .
he uses honey instead of sugar .
he walks his dog every morning .
he was absent from the meeting .
he was accompanied by his wife .
he was angry with his daughter .
he was beside himself with joy .
he was called away on business .
he was delighted at the result .
he was deserted by his friends .
he was determined to go abroad .
he was exposed to many dangers .
he was injured in the accident .
he was involved in the trouble .
he was punished for his crimes .
he was sleeping under the tree .
he was surprised to learn this .
he was wounded in the shoulder .
he went home three hours later .
he will notice sooner or later .
he won't tell me what happened .
he works from monday to friday .
he wrapped his arms around her .
he writes scripts for tv shows .
he's always at home on mondays .
he's always at home on sundays .
he's been working all day long .
he's just trying to be popular .
he's never been in love before .
he's not a very meticulous guy .
he's reading a novel right now .
he's the laziest person i know .
he's the only one who survived .
he's three years older than me .
he's thrilled with his new job .
her daughter is bad at cooking .
her father has a general store .
her hair is long and beautiful .
his absence was due to illness .
his behavior is very odd today .
his car has just been repaired .
his clothes are out of fashion .
his doctor ordered him to rest .
his family works in the fields .
his new novel is worth reading .
his report does not sound true .
his room was covered with dust .
his sudden death was a tragedy .
his voice dropped to a whisper .
hold on firmly to the handrail .
how about going out for dinner ?
how did you spend your holiday ?
how do you access the internet ?
how do you know that'll happen ?
how do you pronounce your name ?
how do you stand this humidity ?
how have you been doing lately ?
how long you two been together ?
how many people are here today ?
how much do these glasses cost ?
how much have you made tonight ?
how much is that mountain bike ?
i accompanied her on the piano .
i advise you to change clothes .
i almost forgot all about that .
i already did that twice today .
i always have room for dessert .
i always root for the underdog .
i always thought tom was funny .
i am anxious about your health .
i am learning a little english .
i am not wearing any underwear .
i am terribly afraid of snakes .
i am very interested in french .
i apologize for the late reply .
i asked him about the accident .
i assume you've heard from tom .
i believe you have my umbrella .
i bought a dozen pencils today .
i bought these flowers for you .
i bought two pairs of trousers .
i can hardly believe his story .
i can not answer your question .
i can think of several reasons .
i can't believe i'm doing this .
i can't believe i'm here again .
i can't breath through my nose .
i can't carry all that baggage .
i can't do without your advice .
i can't quite place his accent .
i can't see anything from here .
i can't stand this hot weather .
i can't tell you what happened .
i cannot agree to his proposal .
i could hardly endure the pain .
i could read between the lines .
i could've done that by myself .
i couldn't have said it better .
i couldn't see what was inside .
i couldn't stand it any longer .
i couldn't stand looking at it .
i couldn't wait to get started .
i did something i regret doing .
i didn't eat dinner last night .
i didn't know anyone was there .
i didn't mean to interrupt you .
i didn't recognize it at first .
i didn't recognize what it was .
i didn't sleep much last night .
i didn't think anyone was home .
i didn't think it would matter .
i didn't think you were coming .
i didn't think you were needed .
i didn't think you'd be coming .
i didn't think you'd come back .
i do work related to computers .
i don't believe him any longer .
i don't believe in fairy tales .
i don't believe you've met him .
i don't care what people think .
i don't even have a girlfriend .
i don't feel like eating sushi .
i don't feel like sitting down .
i don't feel much like dancing .
i don't feel much like talking .
i don't feel safe here anymore .
i don't find it that difficult .
i don't have any close friends .
i don't know anybody else here .
i don't know anybody in boston .
i don't like swimming in pools .
i don't like who you've become .
i don't mind your staying here .
i don't speak french very much .
i don't think tom is listening .
i don't think everyone gave up .
i don't think that that's fair .
i don't think we were followed .
i don't think you'll like this .
i don't understand any of this .
i don't understand this at all .
i don't want any more problems .
i don't want your legal advice .
i don't worry about that stuff .
i dreamed about tom last night .
i expect everyone to work hard .
i explained the process to him .
i feel awkward in his presence .
i feel like i missed something .
i feel like eating out tonight .
i feel ready for the challenge .
i feel that something is wrong .
i finally got across the river .
i forgot to lock the storeroom .
i forgot to tell you something .
i found the question very easy .
i gained two kilos this summer .
i gave her her dictionary back .
i gave my brother a dictionary .
i got this bicycle for nothing .
i grew up eating japanese food .
i had a pretty happy childhood .
i had an interesting day today .
i had an operation last summer .
i had to find another solution .
i hate that more than anything .
i have a reservation for today .
i have a slight headache today .
i have gotten him into trouble .
i have never been there myself .
i have not eaten breakfast yet .
i have seen him quite recently .
i have three pieces of baggage .
i have to admit i'm interested .
i have two children to support .
i hope tom remembered to shave .
i hope that everything is okay .
i hope this fine weather holds .
i hope you all learn something .
i hope you find it interesting .
i hope you learned your lesson .
i hope you're wrong about this .
i immediately knew what it was .
i informed her of my departure .
i just listened and kept quiet .
i just want to check something .
i just wanted to play baseball .
i knew nobody would believe me .
i knew that someone would come .
i knew that would interest you .
i knew there was a possibility .
i knew you weren't really dead .
i know almost nothing about it .
i know exactly what i'm asking .
i know him better than anybody .
i know what they're capable of .
i know what they're paying you .
i know you've been avoiding me .
i like green peppers very much .
i like having people around me .
i like hiking in the mountains .
i like listening to good music .
i like my coffee without sugar .
i like neither of the pictures .
i like playing tennis and golf .
i like spring better than fall .
i like to invent useful things .
i like your techno dance moves .
i live right around the corner .
i lived overseas for ten years .
i love all my children equally .
i love the taste of watermelon .
i love traveling in the winter .
i made him carry the briefcase .
i made this doghouse by myself .
i met him on several occasions .
i missed the two o'clock plane .
i mistook you for your brother .
i need help painting the fence .
i need something to write with .
i need your full attention now .
i never care about such things .
i never get invited to parties .
i never needed that much money .
i never thought anything of it .
i never thought of that before .
i never thought that about you .
i only wish that were possible .
i packed your suitcase for you .
i poured water into the bucket .
i quit smoking three years ago .
i realize it's hard to believe .
i really can't leave right now .
i really can't take it anymore .
i really can't talk about this .
i really have to eat something .
i really like hard boiled eggs .
i really think you should come .
i rented out the guest bedroom .
i respect my teacher very much .
i respect you more than anyone .
i sometimes dream of my mother .
i still haven't heard from him .
i suggested that we go fishing .
i think i don't understand you .
i think tom is still breathing .
i think tom only speaks french .
i think tom really deserves it .
i think it won't rain tomorrow .
i think my suitcase was stolen .
i think that could be arranged .
i think that's the best answer .
i think that's where tom works .
i think the kgb was implicated .
i think there's been a mistake .
i think things will get better .
i think this is totally absurd .
i think we're already too late .
i think you know everyone here .
i think you should get started .
i think you'd better leave now .
i think your answer is correct .
i thought that he was innocent .
i thought we were best friends .
i thought we were welcome here .
i thought you didn't know that .
i thought you didn't like them .
i thought you wanted a divorce .
i thought you wanted the truth .
i thought you wanted this back .
i thought you wouldn't give up .
i thought you wouldn't like it .
i thought you'd ask about that .
i thought you'd be much fatter .
i thought you'd never get here .
i told myself to stay positive .
i took his umbrella by mistake .
i took what she said literally .
i understand the reason for it .
i usually drive myself to work .
i usually have dinner at seven .
i waited until the last minute .
i want answers to my questions .
i want something cold to drink .
i want that more than anything .
i want to do something special .
i want to drink something cold .
i want to make something clear .
i want to personally thank you .
i want to recover my valuables .
i want to thank everybody here .
i want you to listen carefully .
i wanted to know what happened .
i was actually kind of serious .
i was always interested in art .
i was disappointed by the news .
i was drinking tea all morning .
i was excited by the challenge .
i was expecting a tougher game .
i was expecting you last night .
i was fascinated by her beauty .
i was just making a suggestion .
i was late for the appointment .
i was outside when it happened .
i was really worried about you .
i was very satisfied with this .
i was working when it happened .
i was worried about his health .
i wasn't going to buy anything .
i wasn't sure where i belonged .
i will give him another chance .
i will never forget seeing you .
i will speak with you tomorrow .
i won't fight with you anymore .
i wonder if he'll come tonight .
i wonder what she really means .
i wonder what's inside the box .
i wonder why women outlive men .
i would like you to understand .
i wouldn't mind doing it again .
i'd better see what's going on .
i'd do anything for those kids .
i'd do anything to protect you .
i'd like another cup of coffee .
i'd like three tickets , please .
i'd like to give you something .
i'd like to keep expenses down .
i'd like to make myself useful .
i'd love to have more children .
i'd rather be hanged than shot .
i'll babysit your kids for you .
i'll be waiting for the answer .
i'll call back at four o'clock .
i'll get there before you will .
i'll get you whatever you want .
i'll have to go there tomorrow .
i'll introduce you to the team .
i'll keep that book for myself .
i'll leave the decision to you .
i'll leave when she comes back .
i'll look at it very carefully .
i'll miss you when you're gone .
i'll need to check my schedule .
i'll take a glass of champagne .
i'll tell you about it someday .
i'm a lot more comfortable now .
i'm a salesman for our company .
i'm adamant that you should go .
i'm afraid we'll lose the game .
i'm beginning to see a pattern .
i'm being treated like a child .
i'm calling from my cell phone .
i'm entitled to my own opinion .
i'm giving you one more chance .
i'm glad we agree on something .
i'm going to call an ambulance .
i'm going to do something else .
i'm going to meet him tomorrow .
i'm going to miss your cooking .
i'm just a plain office worker .
i'm just trying to be friendly .
i'm not always free on sundays .
i'm not certain tom likes that .
i'm not married to tom anymore .
i'm not trying to say anything .
i'm pleased with my new jacket .
i'm reading the new york times .
i'm really not all that hungry .
i'm running linux on my laptop .
i'm sensing a lot of hostility .
i'm sorry if i embarrassed you .
i'm sorry if i offended anyone .
i'm sorry if i'm bothering you .
i'm sorry to have bothered you .
i'm sorry , but it's impossible .
i'm still angry because of her .
i'm still the boss around here .
i'm still waiting for my order .
i'm sure everything will be ok .
i'm sure he will come tomorrow .
i'm sure you have other skills .
i'm surprised it was that easy .
i'm the youngest in the family .
i'm told you're a good teacher .
i'm too scared to say anything .
i'm used to cooking for myself .
i'm very interested in the job .
i'm very proud of our students .
i'm working for a trading firm .
i've always been a hard worker .
i've always wanted to meet tom .
i've always wanted to meet you .
i've been a little sick lately .
i've been having some bad luck .
i've finally got the whole set !
i've got real feelings for you .
i've got to do something first .
i've had a wonderful time here .
i've lived here my entire life .
i've never been in love before .
i've never done harm to anyone .
i've never seen you so nervous .
i've promised tom i would help .
i've still got paperwork to do .
is bigamy a crime in australia ?
is he done using the telephone ?
is it difficult to learn greek ?
is there anything on the floor ?
is this your first trip abroad ?
isn't that just a prairie fire ?
it appears that he is mistaken .
it doesn't matter what i think .
it feels horrible to be pitied .
it is necessary to lose weight .
it is not the correct solution .
it is something my mother made .
it kept raining for three days .
it might just be a coincidence .
it must be done more carefully .
it rained heavily all day long .
it stopped snowing an hour ago .
it was everything he hoped for .
it was not very cold yesterday .
it will be fine this afternoon .
it will soon be breakfast time .
it'll cost over a thousand yen .
it's a pity when somebody dies .
it's even worse than i thought .
it's getting cooler day by day .
it's getting warmer day by day .
it's just a stone's throw away .
it's not always cold in boston .
it's starting to get cold here .
it's too late to apologize now .
it's useless to try and resist .
i ‘ m ironing my handkerchiefs .
john adams took office in 1797 .
just pretend you don't know me .
just seeing it made me nervous .
kamal hasn't read the book yet .
keep it at a lower temperature .
keep your hands off my bicycle .
let me remind you of something .
let us know when you'll arrive .
let's be frank with each other .
let's call the whole thing off .
let's find something to sit on .
let's go somewhere tonight , ok ?
let's go straight to the beach .
let's go to a concert together .
let's hope tom doesn't do that .
let's hope tom got our message .
let's learn this poem by heart .
let's leave when you are ready .
let's move on to another topic .
let's not allow that to happen .
let's not beat around the bush .
let's ponder that for a moment .
let's send tom a sympathy card .
life begins when you are forty .
listen carefully to what i say .
look at yourself in the mirror .
madrid is the capital of spain .
mary and i became good friends .
mary stayed up late last night .
mary wants to become a teacher .
mary wore a simple white dress .
may i ask you another question ?
memorize the poem by next week .
men and women went into battle .
money makes the world go round .
mother has old - fashioned ideas .
my boss is very cheerful today .
my brother has become a priest .
my brother is in australia now .
my brother is now in australia .
my brother is stronger than me .
my children don't listen to me .
my children won't listen to me .
my dog goes everywhere with me .
my family are all early risers .
my father is an expert surgeon .
my father is far from artistic .
my favorite dance is the tango .
my favorite music is pop music .
my feet are smaller than yours .
my girlfriend is a good dancer .
my grandma has gotten very old .
my husband is the jealous type .
my mother can't ride a bicycle .
my mother plays the piano well .
my parents live in the country .
my passport is no longer valid .
my plane leaves at six o'clock .
my throat hurts when i swallow .
my uncle lives in an apartment .
my uncle lives near the school .
no one can foretell the future .
no one said anything like that .
no one thinks that way anymore .
nobody has made a decision yet .
nobody invited me to the party .
none of those books are useful .
not everybody can be an artist .
nothing can be worse than that .
one of my suitcases is missing .
only love can break your heart .
our country has a rich history .
our plans are not yet concrete .
our school is across the river .
our school is near the station .
our school was founded in 1990 .
our yacht club has ten members .
parents need a lot of patience .
paris is the capital of france .
pay attention to what tom says .
people believed her to be dead .
people like you are never busy .
plants don't grow in this soil .
please call me before you come .
please don't write to me again .
please have someone else do it .
please speak in a louder voice .
please take me to this address .
please wait around for a while .
please write down what he says .
put your valuables in the safe .
read as many books as possible .
read this book at your leisure .
she advised him on that matter .
she advised him to be punctual .
she advised him to lose weight .
she advised him to work harder .
she and her friends love music .
she belongs to the tennis club .
she borrowed the book from him .
she bought the dictionary , too .
she called him every other day .
she called me in the afternoon .
she can say whatever she wants .
she carried off all the prizes .
she climbed down from the roof .
she cooked us a wonderful meal .
she doesn't yet know the truth .
she drew the chair towards her .
she earns more than she spends .
she expected him to leave town .
she explained the matter to me .
she fainted when she saw blood .
she filled her bag with apples .
she filled the glass with wine .
she filled the vase with water .
she finished the job with ease .
she gets good marks in english .
she got the ticket for nothing .
she has a heated swimming pool .
she has a very beautiful laugh .
she has put on weight recently .
she has very few close friends .
she helped me pack my suitcase .
she hopes to become a designer .
she ignored him almost all day .
she insisted on my going there .
she is always dressed in black .
she is always kind to everyone .
she is anxious to visit europe .
she is appearing on tv tonight .
she is certain to be surprised .
she is devoted to her children .
she is lacking in common sense .
she is very cynical about life .
she is wearing a valuable ring .
she isn't adequate to the task .
she kept crying all night long .
she kept the secret to herself .
she kept various kinds of pets .
she laid the child down gently .
she left home after three days .
she likes going to the library .
she likes nothing but the best .
she likes oranges , doesn't she ?
she lives just down the street .
she looks odd in those clothes .
she looks pretty in that dress .
she may not come here tomorrow .
she mistook the sugar for salt .
she must have seen better days .
she must have worked very hard .
she paid to attend the concert .
she persuaded him to marry her .
she plays the violin very well .
she prodded him to work harder .
she provided me with some food .
she quickly went up the stairs .
she refused to accept the post .
she revealed the secret to him .
she scolded him for being late .
she sent me an urgent telegram .
she stood close to her husband .
she thanked me for the present .
she thought of a good solution .
she threw herself into my arms .
she tried to hide her feelings .
she walked slowly away from me .
she warmed herself by the fire .
she was afraid to travel alone .
she was almost late for school .
she was bewitched by his smile .
she was buried in her hometown .
she was busy with her knitting .
she was coming down the stairs .
she was doing the washing then .
she was shaken by the accident .
she watched him draw a picture .
she will report directly to me .
she will return within an hour .
she wore heart - shaped earrings .
she would not follow my advice .
she wouldn't be happy with him .
she wouldn't even speak to him .
she wrote a book about animals .
she's looking for a better job .
she's two years older than him .
she's used to getting up early .
shouldn't we give tom a chance ?
shut all the doors and windows .
smoking is bad for your health .
snow reminds me of my hometown .
so far everything is all right .
so what happened to you anyway ?
some apples rotted on the tree .
someday i'll run like the wind .
someone has cut my kite string .
someone is tapping at the door .
sorry to have kept you waiting .
stop acting like such a weirdo .
stop crying like a little girl .
stop putting off finding a job .
stop sucking up to the teacher .
study hard , and you'll succeed .
sulfur is used to make matches .
surprisingly , i agree with tom .
swimming is a form of exercise .
take a picture with your phone .
take the table outside , please .
take your elbows off the table .
tell tom that everyone is here .
tell tom we're waiting for him .
tell me exactly where he lives .
tell me what you're doing here .
tell them we need an ambulance .
thank you for closing the door .
thanks for coming all this way .
thanks for the invitation , tom .
that amounts to the same thing .
that baby does nothing but cry .
that can't be good for anybody .
that child can count to twenty .
that child is full of mischief .
that doesn't change how i feel .
that flower has a strong smell .
that is a very complex machine .
that is actually what i wanted .
that isn't exactly what i said .
that makes perfect sense to me .
that mountain is in the clouds .
that really isn't what i meant .
that should be kept between us .
that shouldn't be hard for you .
that was easier than i thought .
that'll take a couple of hours .
that's not even the worst part .
that's not exactly what i said .
that's not good enough for tom .
that's not good enough for you .
that's not quite what i wanted .
that's not what i meant either .
that's not what i was thinking .
that's the last thing you want .
that's what i thought at first .
that's what i thought you said .
that's when i injured my ankle .
the army advanced on the enemy .
the army had plenty of weapons .
the arrow glanced off the tree .
the baby kept crying all night .
the balloon is filled with air .
the boat sank during the storm .
the book was published in 1689 .
the boy made his parents happy .
the boy takes after his father .
the capital of ukraine is kiev .
the capital of ukraine is kyiv .
the car crashed into the truck .
the castle is across the river .
the city was destroyed by fire .
the clown fell down on purpose .
the cola made my tongue tingle .
the computer is in the library .
the cottage was clean and tidy .
the dog barked at the stranger .
the dog barks at all strangers .
the door was difficult to open .
the earth moves around the sun .
the enemy attack ended at dawn .
the enemy attacked us at night .
the fire burnt ten houses down .
the fire started in tom's room .
the hedgehog is a small animal .
the ice watered down the juice .
the injured man cried for help .
the insulin was making her fat .
the law is full of ambiguities .
the leaves fell from the trees .
the letter was addressed to me .
the letter was written by hand .
the matter is of no importance .
the mayor is not available now .
the meeting went on until noon .
the men went hunting for lions .
the moon was bright last night .
the murderer is still at large .
the news spread all over japan .
the next day was christmas day .
the old couple had no children .
the pain has lessened a little .
the pamphlet is free of charge .
the point is they're too young .
the police are looking into it .
the police still have no leads .
the pressure is getting to him .
the prices remain as they were .
the problem is not settled yet .
the rabbit hid behind the tree .
the rain came down in torrents .
the rain lasted for three days .
the reason for this is obvious .
the room is spacious and light .
the school looks like a prison .
the school year is almost over .
the show starts in ten minutes .
the sky grew darker and darker .
the sky is covered with clouds .
the soldiers could see him now .
the statue is missing its head .
the store closed down for good .
the stream flows into the pond .
the sun doesn't shine at night .
the talks will last three days .
the theory is not accepted yet .
the towel wasn't at all useful .
the towel wasn't useful at all .
the tower is going to collapse .
the train is bound for niigata .
the trees are beginning to bud .
the two men accused each other .
the two teams fought very hard .
the visitor sat across from me .
the wall was coated with paint .
the water here is very shallow .
the widow was dressed in black .
there are many kinds of coffee .
there are many parks in boston .
there is a limit to everything .
there is a time for everything .
there is no life without water .
there is no smoke without fire .
there is nothing god cannot do .
there is something i must know .
there isn't any problem at all .
there isn't anyone in the room .
there was blood on tom's shirt .
there's a safe in tom's office .
there's a spider in the shower .
there's a stowaway on the ship .
there's been a change of plans .
there's going to be a downpour .
there's no film in this camera .
there's no need for an apology .
there's no need to rush things .
there's something i have to do .
these are gifts for my friends .
these shoes are a little loose .
they all thought tom was crazy .
they are always short of money .
they are boiling water for tea .
they are happy with the result .
they are in the teachers' room .
they are loyal to their master .
they are not at all interested .
they are probably all dead now .
they asserted that it was true .
they drank two bottles of wine .
they go to church every sunday .
they had to start from scratch .
they kept talking all the time .
they live on the floor beneath .
they look similar in some ways .
they made up an unlikely story .
they make toys at this factory .
they must have had an accident .
they never found out the truth .
they really slept on the floor .
they said they would not fight .
they say she's good at cooking .
they say that he's still alive .
they went on talking for hours .
they were caught in a blizzard .
they were dancing to the music .
they would prefer that we wait .
they're eating high on the hog .
things are getting out of hand .
things would never be the same .
this bomb can kill many people .
this book is missing two pages .
this booklet is free of charge .
this came for you this morning .
this coffee has a bitter taste .
this doesn't seem normal to me .
this guy can do amazing things .
this is a pretty amazing place .
this machine is familiar to me .
this medicine will do you good .
this milk has a peculiar smell .
this milk has a peculiar taste .
this music is making me sleepy .
this paper does not absorb ink .
this rule applies to all cases .
this telephone is out of order .
this train is bound for boston .
this was supposed to be simple .
this week i had three midterms .
those houses are 500 years old .
tom and mary are playing chess .
tom and mary did that together .
tom and mary were both smiling .
tom asked mary where she lived .
tom began putting on his shoes .
tom bought a camera like yours .
tom bought a new tennis racket .
tom could probably tell us why .
tom couldn't get his shoes off .
tom decided to call the police .
tom did time for armed robbery .
tom didn't give us any details .
tom didn't leave me any choice .
tom didn't say anything at all .
tom didn't see that one coming .
tom didn't want this to happen .
tom didn't want to do anything .
tom doesn't drink beer at home .
tom doesn't know what he'll do .
tom doesn't know where to look .
tom dragged himself out of bed .
tom eats rice almost every day .
tom explained his plan to mary .
tom explained why he was there .
tom felt someone touch his arm .
tom gathered wood for the fire .
tom gave mary his phone number .
tom got these tickets for free .
tom handed an envelope to mary .
tom has a large gun collection .
tom has a meeting this morning .
tom has already gone to school .
tom has an apartment in boston .
tom has been blind since birth .
tom has been hammering all day .
tom has changed his mind again .
tom has never danced with mary .
tom has some pretty good ideas .
tom has too many strange ideas .
tom has until monday to decide .
tom has volunteered to help us .
tom helped mary open the crate .
tom is a high school principal .
tom is a very ambitious person .
tom is acting a little strange .
tom is always late to meetings .
tom is conscientious , isn't he ?
tom is determined to help mary .
tom is determined to stop mary .
tom is exactly like his father .
tom is exactly three weeks old .
tom is extremely narrow - minded .
tom is familiar with this area .
tom is good at telling stories .
tom is looking for another job .
tom is looking for his glasses .
tom is sleeping in his bedroom .
tom is studying in the library .
tom is teaching french to mary .
tom is trying to say something .
tom is upstairs in his bedroom .
tom is used to making speeches .
tom is very independent - minded .
tom is very interested in jazz .
tom is worried sick about mary .
tom isn't going to forget that .
tom left his wife and children .
tom likes most of his teachers .
tom likes to cook chinese food .
tom lived there for many years .
tom looked like he was unhappy .
tom lost his fight with cancer .
tom loved his family very much .
tom makes more money than mary .
tom needs to leave early today .
tom paused to catch his breath .
tom promised to tell the truth .
tom pushed mary out the window .
tom recently dyed his hair red .
tom said my plan wouldn't work .
tom saw mary earlier this week .
tom says he regrets doing that .
tom should do as mary suggests .
tom shouldn't make fun of mary .
tom showed mary's letter to me .
tom stared blankly at the wall .
tom still comes here every day .
tom still has feelings for you .
tom stormed out of the meeting .
tom took good care of everyone .
tom took one of the sandwiches .
tom tried to conceal the truth .
tom tried to tell me something .
tom wants to get married again .
tom wants to know your opinion .
tom was dismissed from his job .
tom was given a warm reception .
tom was wearing a baseball cap .
too many cooks spoil the broth .
toward midnight , i fell asleep .
try to be generous and forgive .
two families live in the house .
two girls played on the seesaw .
two tears fell down her cheeks .
two vanilla ice creams , please .
water and oil are both liquids .
we advised them to start early .
we all helped with the harvest .
we all know what happened here .
we are facing a violent crisis .
we are going to leave tomorrow .
we arrived here in the evening .
we can deliver it this evening .
we can't get along without tom .
we didn't intend to attack him .
we don't share the same values .
we don't want to take anything .
we finally arrived at the lake .
we found the front door locked .
we got married three years ago .
we have a very serious problem .
we have an english class today .
we have arrived safe and sound .
we have many purchases to make .
we have no need for assistance .
we have plenty of time tonight .
we have room for thirty people .
we have some celebrating to do .
we have to tell them something .
we heard shots in the distance .
we heard the sound of gunshots .
we just arrived at the station .
we just can't stand each other .
we learn a lot from experience .
we live in a civilized society .
we live in a complicated world .
we live near the large library .
we must do more than yesterday .
we must not forget our promise .
we must start at the beginning .
we must take care of ourselves .
we picked the number at random .
we reached the station on time .
we really can make this happen .
we skipped his turn on purpose .
we took turns with the driving .
we were all at school together .
we were nearly frozen to death .
we wish you a pleasant journey .
we'll go when it quits raining .
we're all after the same thing .
we're doing this for the money .
we're going back to square one .
we're going to be working late .
we're going to freeze to death .
we're going to miss doing this .
we're not sure what's going on .
we're planning to do just that .
we're waiting for you to leave .
we've an obligation to do that .
we've just got to keep talking .
we've known her for many years .
we've only got three more days .
what tom told mary wasn't true .
what are these things used for ?
what are you doing here anyway ?
what are your thoughts on this ?
what did you eat for breakfast ?
what did you get for christmas ?
what do you have for breakfast ?
what do you think happens then ?
what do you think you're doing ?
what do you want for christmas ?
what do you want for breakfast ?
what does an airship look like ?
what else is on today's agenda ?
what exactly are we paying for ?
what foods are you allergic to ?
what foods do you avoid eating ?
what goes around , comes around .
what happened to all our money ?
what has become of your sister ?
what have you done to yourself ?
what he says is total nonsense .
what is the weather like today ?
what made you change your mind ?
what time did you arrive there ?
what time do we leave tomorrow ?
what time does the movie start ?
what was the score at halftime ?
what were you doing down there ?
what're you all dressed up for ?
what's the point in doing that ?
what's the point of not eating ?
when did your father come home ?
when do you practice the piano ?
when does the next train leave ?
when will we reach the airport ?
where are you planning to stay ?
where did you find my umbrella ?
where did you find this wallet ?
where did you sleep last night ?
where do you usually eat lunch ?
where do you want it delivered ?
where should we pitch the tent ?
where were you that whole time ?
where's the shirt i bought you ?
which do you suppose she chose ?
who are you trying to convince ?
who's in charge of this matter ?
who's the captain of this ship ?
why are you so nervous tonight ?
why are you speaking so loudly ?
why are you washing your hands ?
why aren't you listening to me ?
why didn't you call the police ?
why do bees die after stinging ?
why don't you ask him directly ?
why don't you have a boyfriend ?
why don't you see for yourself ?
why limit yourself to just one ?
why were you late this morning ?
will you look after my baggage ?
will you please hold this edge ?
will you take a personal check ?
windows 95 crashed on me again !
without water , we cannot exist .
would you care for more coffee ?
would you excuse us one moment ?
would you happen to be married ?
would you lend me your bicycle ?
would you like some more salad ?
would you like to switch seats ?
would you mind a little advice ?
would you mind rubbing my feet ?
would you please lock the door ?
you are no longer welcome here .
you can still change your mind .
you can take whatever you like .
you can't change your mind now .
you can't drink the water here .
you can't hold that against me .
you can't learn that in school .
you can't rely on this machine .
you cannot heal a broken heart .
you could've told me the truth .
you did not answer my question .
you don't know the whole story .
you don't need to explain that .
you don't need to say anything .
you had better take her advice .
you have such a beautiful name .
you have to speak english here .
you look good in those clothes .
you look great in these photos .
you look just like your father .
you look just like your mother .
you may bring whoever you like .
you may invite anyone you like .
you may take anything you like .
you mean you're just giving up ?
you must keep your hands clean .
you must stick to your promise .
you must study your whole life .
you must take care of yourself .
you need to be more aggressive .
you never cease to surprise me .
you really must see that movie .
you recognized him , didn't you ?
you said that it was important .
you should always do your best .
you should buy it for yourself .
you should carry out your duty .
you should have kept it secret .
you should have listened to me .
you should have seen the movie .
you should kick that bad habit .
you should listen to your wife .
you should not waste your time .
you should put on some clothes .
you shouldn't look down on him .
you sound like a broken record .
you understand this , don't you ?
you were beginning to worry me .
you were bluffing , weren't you ?
you were sleeping , weren't you ?
you were watching , weren't you ?
you will find this lesson easy .
you would make a good diplomat .
you'd be better off without me .
you'd better do as you're told .
you'll be hearing from us soon .
you're being bossy , aren't you ?
you're being very unfair to me .
you're going to love this book .
you're going to ruin your eyes .
you're in a strange mood today .
you're much taller than tom is .
you're not old enough to drink .
you're not supposed to be here .
you're not the only woman here .
you're smarter than i ever was .
you're starting to warm up now .
you're staying with tom , right ?
you're the one that went crazy .
your efforts will soon pay off .
your glasses fell on the floor .
your proposal is a bit extreme .
your remarks were out of place .
your sacrifice was not in vain .
your son is dating my daughter .
your watch is ten minutes slow .
a broken mirror brings bad luck .
a computer is a complex machine .
a fierce battle was fought here .
a good idea suddenly struck her .
a map is available upon request .
a number of people were drowned .
a woman asked me for directions .
a wonderful idea occurred to me .
a word spoken is past recalling .
actually , that's what i thought .
actually , the problem isn't new .
add two ounces of grated cheese .
all children do not like apples .
all good things come from above .
all his friends backed his plan .
all my friends are invited here .
all of my friends have bicycles .
all our effort ended in failure .
all plants need water and light .
all the children laughed at tom .
all the desk drawers were empty .
all the students have gone home .
america is a land of immigrants .
an expert was called for advice .
ankara is the capital of turkey .
are there any bears around here ?
are you accusing me of cheating ?
are you done washing your hands ?
are you finished with your work ?
are you free for dinner tonight ?
are you going there on business ?
are you good at keeping secrets ?
are you good at speaking french ?
are you satisfied with your job ?
are you students at this school ?
are you sure you're warm enough ?
be careful not to hurt yourself .
beijing is the capital of china .
birds make their nests in trees .
both countries are now at peace .
both of my brothers are married .
both of the windows were broken .
both of them are very brilliant .
call me at six tomorrow morning .
can i see your driver's license ?
can tom read and write japanese ?
can you check the tire pressure ?
can you figure out this problem ?
can you give me another example ?
can you please close the window ?
can you see anything over there ?
carry her to the operating room .
cars took the place of bicycles .
cats are smarter than you think .
children often ask me for money .
choose any one from among these .
christmas is only two weeks off .
click here to create an account .
come to my house this afternoon .
condors have never bred in zoos .
could you give me some examples ?
creationism is a pseudo - science .
cross out all the wrong answers .
curiosity got the better of him .
currently , he's our best batter .
did i just say something stupid ?
did tom confess to killing mary ?
did you enjoy reading that book ?
dinner is probably ready by now .
do not cast pearls before swine .
do the police have any suspects ?
do we need a universal language ?
do you care for classical music ?
do you feel like going swimming ?
do you have a french dictionary ?
do you have a guilty conscience ?
do you have less expensive ones ?
do you have school on saturdays ?
do you know anyone in australia ?
do you know what they're called ?
do you think tom killed himself ?
do you think animals have souls ?
do you work well under pressure ?
do your parents know about this ?
does anyone want to do anything ?
does she know your phone number ?
does your school have a library ?
don't i even get an explanation ?
don't i know you from somewhere ?
don't change your mind so often .
don't depend too much on others .
don't do anything i wouldn't do .
don't drink on an empty stomach .
don't expect anyone to help you .
don't forget that she's a woman .
don't forget to mail the letter .
don't forget to send the letter .
don't forget to take your pills .
don't let anyone enter the room .
don't let your mother know that .
don't make a decision right now .
don't open the door for anybody .
don't play baseball in the park .
don't risk your fortune on that .
don't talk to me about religion .
don't talk with your mouth full .
don't tell me you're not scared .
don't waste your time and money .
don't you check your voice mail ?
don't you see what you're doing ?
don't you want something to eat ?
edison was not a bright student .
education is the key to success .
election day was cold and rainy .
english is not my mother tongue .
every cloud has a silver lining .
everyone in her class likes her .
everyone in town knows his name .
everything is all right at home .
everything is now ready for you .
everything seems to be in order .
farmers sow seeds in the spring .
five gallons of regular , please .
friendship is a matter of trust .
get out your notebooks and pens .
give credit where credit is due .
give me something cold to drink .
give me something to write with .
go straight on down this street .
grammar is a very complex thing .
half of the students are absent .
hamlet is a play by shakespeare .
has anybody here been to hawaii ?
have any letters arrived for me ?
have you already read this book ?
have you always been so selfish ?
have you done all your homework ?
have you ever seen tom's mother ?
have you made your decision yet ?
have you read this book already ?
have you read today's paper yet ?
he always borrows money from me .
he broke his arm playing soccer .
he broke in on our conversation .
he came home at almost midnight .
he can hardly speak any english .
he confessed that he was guilty .
he couldn't help laughing at it .
he couldn't hold back his tears .
he demanded payment of the debt .
he didn't carry out his promise .
he disguised himself as a woman .
he does not like being punished .
he does nothing but read comics .
he doesn't want to get involved .
he drank three glasses of water .
he earns his living by teaching .
he feels weak after his illness .
he felt himself being lifted up .
he filled the bottle with water .
he filled the bucket with water .
he goes fishing every other day .
he goes to karuizawa every year .
he got dressed and went outside .
he got the twelve o'clock train .
he grows tomatoes in his garden .
he hastily wrote down our names .
he introduced me to his parents .
he invested his money in stocks .
he is a very imaginative writer .
he is absent because of illness .
he is acquainted with the mayor .
he is afraid of his grandfather .
he is afraid of making mistakes .
he is always looking for praise .
he is careful about his manners .
he is included among my friends .
he is reasonable in his demands .
he is satisfied with the result .
he is suffering from a headache .
he is unpopular for some reason .
he isn't back from the mountain .
he kept standing against a tree .
he knows he did something wrong .
he likes swimming in the summer .
he lives apart from his parents .
he lives just around the corner .
he looks down on everybody else .
he made a gesture of impatience .
he makes everybody feel at ease .
he needs to answer the question .
he needs to lower his standards .
he never gave way to temptation .
he never speaks of the accident .
he really likes traveling a lot .
he remained single all his life .
he reminds me of my grandfather .
he secretly showed me her photo .
he seemed surprised at the news .
he seldom stays home on sundays .
he solved the problem with ease .
he stood gazing at the painting .
he threatened to make it public .
he told me an interesting story .
he took a walk before breakfast .
he took back everything he said .
he turned the table upside down .
he wants to be more independent .
he was bleeding from his wounds .
he was buried in this graveyard .
he was conscious of his mistake .
he was desperate to get married .
he was discharged from the army .
he was finally forced to resign .
he was killed in the earthquake .
he was leaning against the wall .
he was lonely after his divorce .
he was unaware of the situation .
he was unconscious of his guilt .
he will travel abroad next year .
he wishes to erase bad memories .
he worked hard to promote peace .
he wouldn't look at my proposal .
he writes letters to his mother .
he wrote about plants and trees .
he's an expert with a slingshot .
he's been teaching for 20 years .
he's in danger of being evicted .
he's lived here his entire life .
he's the most likely to succeed .
he's used to speaking in public .
helen keller was deaf and blind .
her eyes were filled with tears .
her hair comes to her shoulders .
his father approved of his plan .
his horse jumped over the fence .
his mother is worried about him .
his record will never be broken .
his way of speaking offended me .
his wife is our italian teacher .
how about another piece of cake ?
how could anybody not like this ?
how could anyone not like music ?
how could you not say something ?
how did that whole thing happen ?
how did you spend your vacation ?
how do you assess your students ?
how is your family name written ?
how long has tom studied french ?
how many songs have you written ?
how many words should you write ?
how much did these glasses cost ?
how soon are you going shopping ?
how soon will the meeting begin ?
humans only live about 70 years .
i accomplished what i wanted to .
i always try to stay optimistic .
i always wanted to be different .
i am accustomed to cold weather .
i am accustomed to living alone .
i am accustomed to working hard .
i am acquainted with the author .
i am acquainted with the custom .
i am against working on sundays .
i am concerned about his health .
i am convinced of his innocence .
i am familiar with this subject .
i am fixing the washing machine .
i am not frightened of anything .
i am seeing mary this afternoon .
i am thinking about my children .
i am thinking about that matter .
i appreciate what you did today .
i ate a hamburger at mcdonald's .
i believe tom will be acquitted .
i believe he is coming tomorrow .
i believe it will snow tomorrow .
i bought this book at kakuzen's .
i brought these flowers for you .
i built this doghouse by myself .
i can barely stand his behavior .
i can be assertive if necessary .
i can't believe i'm kissing you .
i can't believe i'm really here .
i can't believe i'm still alive .
i can't believe it's really you .
i can't believe what i'm seeing .
i can't believe you bought this .
i can't breathe through my nose .
i can't explain why it happened .
i can't hear what you're saying .
i can't stand this cold anymore .
i can't stop thinking about tom .
i can't teach you anything else .
i cannot agree to your proposal .
i caught him stealing the money .
i certainly have had great luck .
i certainly would like a refund .
i change my underwear every day .
i changed my address last month .
i climbed in through the window .
i come from a humble background .
i could not attend the ceremony .
i could not have done otherwise .
i could see something was wrong .
i couldn't do anything about it .
i couldn't tell her from sister .
i did not play tennis yesterday .
i didn't go to school yesterday .
i didn't realize you were awake .
i didn't really care about that .
i didn't take it that seriously .
i didn't think it was important .
i didn't think you'd believe me .
i didn't understand any of that .
i do the shopping every morning .
i don't feel like playing cards .
i don't feel like smoking today .
i don't feel like working today .
i don't feel much like laughing .
i don't have the slightest clue .
i don't have the slightest idea .
i don't know anything about him .
i don't know if that's possible .
i don't like meeting new people .
i don't really have a boyfriend .
i don't remember where you live .
i don't respond well to threats .
i don't understand what he said .
i don't want to regret anything .
i explained the accident to him .
i feel like i'm making progress .
i feel really strongly about it .
i feel way more comfortable now .
i felt my heart beating rapidly .
i fixed myself something to eat .
i forgot to telephone him today .
i forgot you don't like carrots .
i grow orchids in my greenhouse .
i guess that doesn't concern me .
i guess you're right about that .
i had my watch stolen yesterday .
i hate being alone at christmas .
i have absolutely nothing to do .
i have already done my homework .
i have already finished the job .
i have already had my breakfast .
i have already written a letter .
i have enclosed your order form .
i have enjoyed myself very much .
i have finally reached my limit .
i have hardly any english books .
i have never heard him complain .
i have never tried chinese food .
i have no friends supporting me .
i have no intention of changing .
i have nothing particular to do .
i haven't always been a teacher .
i haven't been feeling so great .
i haven't met with tom recently .
i haven't thought much about it .
i heard someone calling my name .
i heard the front doorbell ring .
i heard voices through the wall .
i hope he won't be disappointed .
i hope this is resolved quickly .
i hope you feel better tomorrow .
i introduced mary to my parents .
i just couldn't let that happen .
i just couldn't take it anymore .
i just feel a little inadequate .
i just want what everyone wants .
i just wanted to thank everyone .
i knew tom would be heartbroken .
i know tom doesn't speak french .
i know almost nothing about you .
i know it's a great opportunity .
i know that better than anybody .
i know that can't really happen .
i know that you are vegetarians .
i know where they're taking tom .
i know who painted this picture .
i know you're smarter than that .
i know you're telling the truth .
i know you're thinking about me .
i lather my face before shaving .
i let my guard down momentarily .
i like bananas more than apples .
i like trains better than buses .
i like working for this company .
i liked having you here tonight .
i love the beaches in australia .
i made myself a turkey sandwich .
i missed the last bus yesterday .
i must be doing something wrong .
i must get my homework finished .
i must have my bicycle repaired .
i need someone to understand me .
i need to take your temperature .
i negotiated the price with him .
i never drink beer before lunch .
i never expected that to happen .
i never had a girlfriend before .
i never stop thinking about you .
i never thought about it before .
i never thought it would happen .
i never wanted to have children .
i often refer to the dictionary .
i ordered the book from britain .
i ordered the book from england .
i pretended that i was sleeping .
i read that report before lunch .
i really believed it would work .
i really think you should leave .
i recognized her at first sight .
i refuse to answer the question .
i regret that this all happened .
i remember meeting him in paris .
i remember seeing you last year .
i respect you and your opinions .
i said nothing about the matter .
i should never have stolen that .
i should've gone there with you .
i succeeded in my first attempt .
i suddenly feel very much alone .
i support you a hundred percent .
i suppose it couldn't be helped .
i sure appreciate all your help .
i think mary's skirt's too long .
i think that i'm just exhausted .
i think that's enough for today .
i think the wind's dropping off .
i think you're going to survive .
i thought perhaps you'd give up .
i thought that she was pregnant .
i thought you were tom's friend .
i thought you'd be more helpful .
i thought you'd seen this movie .
i thought your parents liked me .
i told them they shouldn't move .
i took control of the situation .
i took your umbrella by mistake .
i understand that it's not fair .
i visited her on sunday morning .
i visited him on sunday morning .
i visited many parts of england .
i want everything to be perfect .
i want to make her acquaintance .
i was homeless for three months .
i was impatient for her arrival .
i was late for school yesterday .
i was really apathetic at first .
i was waiting for that question .
i wasn't listening to the radio .
i wasn't planning on doing that .
i wasn't present at the meeting .
i wasn't trying to hurt anybody .
i watch television all day long .
i wear white shirts on weekdays .
i will answer within three days .
i will be sixteen next birthday .
i will come , weather permitting .
i will complete what he started .
i wish i could've stayed longer .
i wish it were tomorrow already .
i wish they would stop fighting .
i wonder what this phrase means .
i wonder who started that rumor .
i work in a hospital laboratory .
i would like to drink something .
i would never have guessed that .
i would've liked to stay longer .
i wrote some poems last weekend .
i'd like to believe that's true .
i'd like to drink something hot .
i'd like to reconfirm my flight .
i'd like to see tom immediately .
i'd like to set things straight .
i'd like to sleep late tomorrow .
i'd like your attention , please .
i'd never do anything so stupid .
i'd never seen anything like it .
i'd rather just let people talk .
i'll be waiting for you outside .
i'll begin by asking a question .
i'll bring you something to eat .
i'll find friends wherever i go .
i'll give tom whatever he wants .
i'll give you a couple examples .
i'll give you anything but this .
i'll go to the dentist tomorrow .
i'll have lunch waiting for you .
i'll keep thursday open for you .
i'll see you tomorrow at school .
i'll show you that you're wrong .
i'll study harder in the future .
i'll tell everyone what you did .
i'm afraid i have no experience .
i'm afraid it may rain tomorrow .
i'm afraid it will rain tonight .
i'm afraid it's not that simple .
i'm at narita airport right now .
i'm busy preparing for the trip .
i'm employed by a french lawyer .
i'm expecting a letter from her .
i'm friends with all those guys .
i'm getting ready for the worst .
i'm glad you're all right again .
i'm going on vacation next week .
i'm going to take some pictures .
i'm going to the police station .
i'm just getting back to basics .
i'm just looking out for myself .
i'm looking for a french penpal .
i'm no longer afraid of spiders .
i'm not a hundred percent wrong .
i'm not afraid to be criticized .
i'm not allowed to say anything .
i'm not good at public speaking .
i'm not living with him anymore .
i'm rather surprised to hear it .
i'm ready for my next challenge .
i'm ready to face any challenge .
i'm running out of closet space .
i'm seeking a solution even now .
i'm sorry for the late response .
i'm sorry to have disturbed you .
i'm sure tom would be delighted .
i'm sure there'll be no problem .
i'm thirty years older than you .
i'm very grateful for your help .
i'm very happy with my purchase .
i'm very impressed by your work .
i'm very pleased with your work .
i've already done the hard part .
i've already lost too much time .
i've been away too long already .
i've been saying that all along .
i've been sober for three years .
i've decided to leave on monday .
i've given you everything i had .
i've got this all under control .
i've had enough of your excuses .
i've known about this for years .
i've lived here for three years .
i've never even told my husband .
i've never flown in an airplane .
i've tried everything i know of .
in fact , she's quite unreliable .
is everybody having a good time ?
is everybody ready for the trip ?
is everything all right at home ?
is lunch included in this price ?
is someone knocking on the door ?
is something bothering you , tom ?
is something else going on here ?
is the chairman going to resign ?
is there a hospital around here ?
is there anything i should know ?
it becomes warmer day after day .
it can't be kept secret forever .
it doesn't get better than this .
it fell short of my expectation .
it hasn't always been like this .
it is getting darker and darker .
it is getting warmer and warmer .
it is ten minutes before eleven .
it is terribly hot this morning .
it may well rain before tonight .
it used to be nearly impossible .
it was shorter than he expected .
it wasn't much of an earthquake .
it's a matter of national pride .
it's a matter of personal taste .
it's about time you got married .
it's all part of their strategy .
it's almost time to get started .
it's hard to speak english well .
it's ideal weather for a picnic .
it's important that i hear this .
it's nothing short of a miracle .
it's nothing to get upset about .
it's possible , but not probable .
it's two o'clock in the morning .
just stay away from my daughter .
keep your hands above the table .
keep your hands off my daughter !
kids are smarter than you think .
kids love pasta in tomato sauce .
last summer we went to hokkaido .
laughing is really good for you .
leave your umbrella in the hall .
lend me your dictionary , please .
let a porter carry your baggage .
let me reiterate what i've said .
let's be honest with each other .
let's find tom before mary does .
let's have a glass of champagne .
let's just keep this between us .
let's look on the positive side .
let's not get carried away here .
let's not get that carried away .
let's start after he comes home .
let's start with the easy stuff .
life is getting hard these days .
listen to what the teacher says .
lots of famous people come here .
many of the students were tired .
many paintings hang in the shop .
many plants bloom in the spring .
mars has a very thin atmosphere .
mary isn't like the other girls .
mary made her own wedding dress .
maybe it really was an accident .
maybe it was just a coincidence .
maybe we should come back later .
maybe you'd better come with us .
movie making is an exciting job .
my english is anything but good .
my bicycle needs to be repaired .
my blood pressure is quite high .
my brother is a college student .
my children were born in boston .
my dog eats just about anything .
my father hates the summer heat .
my father is absent on business .
my father repaired my old watch .
my friend is a talkative person .
my friends invited me to dinner .
my hands are stained with paint .
my heart was filled with sorrow .
my house seems small beside his .
my idea is different from yours .
my mother made some new clothes .
my mother was usually very busy .
my older brother is watching tv .
my parents are no longer living .
my plan is different from yours .
my sister is crazy about tennis .
my sister is playing with dolls .
my sister isn't used to cooking .
my sister plays piano every day .
my sister was a beautiful woman .
never rely too much upon others .
night is when most people sleep .
no one cares about that anymore .
no one said anything about that .
nobody had anything else to say .
now she understands what i mean .
of course she can speak english .
one of the dogs started barking .
one should always do one's best .
only adults may watch that film .
only girls' shoes are sold here .
ottawa is the capital of canada .
our garden has two cherry trees .
our school was reduced to ashes .
our stay has been very pleasant .
our supply of food is exhausted .
people live only about 70 years .
please come as soon as possible .
please don't ever do that again .
please excuse me for being rude .
please explain how to get there .
please freeze the fish and meat .
please give me something to eat .
please knock before you come in .
please let me take your picture .
please put yourself in my place .
please remember to write to her .
please say hello to your family .
please serve him his meal first .
please show me your injured arm .
please show me your stamp album .
please shut the door behind you .
please stay at my house tonight .
preheat the oven to 130 degrees .
printing ink is in short supply .
see you tomorrow in the library .
she accompanied me on the piano .
she admitted that she was wrong .
she advised him to stop smoking .
she advised him to study harder .
she always keeps her hair clean .
she always speaks ill of others .
she appears to have few friends .
she argued with him about money .
she asserted that she was right .
she attacked him with her fists .
she bought the dress on impulse .
she broke the window on purpose .
she can speak english very well .
she can't tell right from wrong .
she could not cope with anxiety .
she demanded to see the manager .
she did nothing but look around .
she explained her reasons to us .
she failed every time she tried .
she felt her heart beat quickly .
she felt someone touch her back .
she found her baby still asleep .
she gave him something to drink .
she gave me a wonderful present .
she greeted him waving her hand .
she grows many kinds of flowers .
she had nothing to do yesterday .
she has already left the office .
she hasn't cleaned her room yet .
she hired him as an interpreter .
she informed me of her decision .
she introduced me to her father .
she introduced me to her sister .
she is a most gracious neighbor .
she is an expert in mathematics .
she is anxious about her safety .
she is being blackmailed by him .
she is distantly related to him .
she is good at speaking english .
she just laughed the matter off .
she kissed away the boy's tears .
she listened to music for hours .
she lives in an apartment alone .
she looked out through the hole .
she loves to wear tight clothes .
she made the same mistake again .
she must have done it yesterday .
she passed by without seeing me .
she planted roses in the garden .
she poured water into the basin .
she praised him for his honesty .
she promised me that she'd come .
she promised not to tell anyone .
she refused to accept the money .
she says that she likes flowers .
she showed me around the campus .
she touched him on the shoulder .
she translated it word for word .
she traveled all over the world .
she tried to lower her expenses .
she visited him on october 20th .
she was a genius in mathematics .
she was busy doing her homework .
she was busy with the housework .
she was sticking her tongue out .
she was washing the dishes then .
she went to see him reluctantly .
she wondered which door to open .
should we tell everybody or not ?
sit down here and warm yourself .
smoke poured out of the chimney .
some animals are afraid of fire .
someday my dream will come true .
someone has stolen all my money .
someone is hiding in the corner .
someone is knocking at the door .
someone is knocking on the door .
someone must have left it there .
something did happen , didn't it ?
spring will be here before long .
stars were twinkling in the sky .
sweat is dripping from his face .
tell us a little about yourself .
tell whoever comes that i'm out .
ten prisoners broke out of jail .
thanks for telling me the truth .
that dress matches her red hair .
that is sold at hardware stores .
that isn't what i'm looking for .
that law is full of ambiguities .
that never even crossed my mind .
that place is open to everybody .
that was well worth the trouble .
that work was done very quickly .
that would appear to be correct .
that's exactly what i think too .
that's exactly what i was doing .
that's not exactly what i meant .
that's not funny at all anymore .
that's not what i'm looking for .
that's not what you said before .
that's nothing to be ashamed of .
that's probably not a good idea .
that's the only reason i'm here .
that's what i thought you meant .
that's where i injured my ankle .
the ferris wheel is my favorite .
the baby takes after his mother .
the baby was shaking the rattle .
the ball rolled across the road .
the bathtub needs to be cleaned .
the buses run every ten minutes .
the cake was crawling with ants .
the capital of poland is warsaw .
the car is not illegally parked .
the clock has just struck three .
the concert was a great success .
the doctor is not available now .
the door opens into the bedroom .
the door was locked from within .
the dressing room is over there .
the drunk driver damaged a tree .
the early bird catches the worm .
the food didn't taste very good .
the ground is covered with snow .
the guitar player is my brother .
the last train has already gone .
the man's behavior was very odd .
the meeting was just about over .
the milk froze and became solid .
the movie starts at ten o'clock .
the museum is closed on mondays .
the new medicine saved his life .
the news filled her with sorrow .
the old man tends to exaggerate .
the pain still hasn't gone away .
the patient didn't have a fever .
the place is surrounded by cops .
the plane flew above the clouds .
the plane will land before long .
the police accused him of theft .
the police want to question you .
the post office is closed today .
the room was filled with people .
the rope broke under the strain .
the same holds true for germany .
the ship hasn't even docked yet .
the ship was scuttled last year .
the stock market is very active .
the storm caused a power outage .
the teachers teach all day long .
the tide is turning against tom .
the traffic lights were all red .
the train is 30 minutes overdue .
the train was late this morning .
the virus is starting to mutate .
the war began three years later .
the waves swallowed up the boat .
the whole class passed the test .
the world did not recognize him .
there are many tourists in town .
there are no secrets between us .
there is little hope of success .
there is nothing to worry about .
there is nothing wrong with him .
there was some dew this morning .
there wasn't anyone in the room .
there's ample room in the attic .
there's no need to be insulting .
there's nothing to be afraid of .
there's nothing to be scared of .
there's nowhere for you to hide .
there's someone here to see you .
there's something i want to try .
there's something we have to do .
these boxes are made of plastic .
these cameras are made in japan .
these flowers you see are roses .
these windows look to the south .
they all laughed at their error .
they all went to the restaurant .
they are at 229 broadway avenue .
they are from the united states .
they are jealous of our success .
they are talking in the kitchen .
they both want to say something .
they come from the same country .
they come from the same village .
they don't work with us anymore .
they grow flowers in the garden .
they had a lovely time together .
they had once helped each other .
they have access to the library .
they hold me responsible for it .
they just want someone to blame .
they moved here three years ago .
they said that it was important .
they walked along a narrow path .
they wash their hands with soap .
they went to america last month .
things might get a little rough .
this book is a fascinating read .
this camera was made in germany .
this could become a big problem .
this does not apply to students .
this fact must not be forgotten .
this is a very nutritious lunch .
this is an entirely new problem .
this is probably a real diamond .
this is where the magic happens .
this letter is addressed to you .
this looks like a gunshot wound .
this phrase might come in handy .
this phrase seems correct to me .
this place is open to everybody .
this school was founded in 1650 .
this school was founded in 1970 .
this sentence is not in english .
this should be more than enough .
this stuff happens all the time .
this suit is anything but cheap .
this sword is in fair condition .
this text is aimed at beginners .
this was not supposed to happen .
this will make a big difference .
this word is derived from latin .
time is the most precious thing .
today is election day in poland .
tom allowed mary to leave early .
tom always likes to joke around .
tom and i study french together .
tom and mary are playing tennis .
tom and mary danced all evening .
tom and mary have been drinking .
tom and mary were both suspects .
tom bought mary lots of jewelry .
tom bought three pairs of shoes .
tom certainly drives a nice car .
tom certainly goes to bed early .
tom comes here every three days .
tom comes here nearly every day .
tom could've done it by himself .
tom didn't have anything to say .
tom didn't keep me waiting long .
tom didn't know what to believe .
tom didn't leave me much choice .
tom doesn't even live in boston .
tom dove into the swimming pool .
tom explained the problem to me .
tom followed mary into the room .
tom gave me everything i needed .
tom has stopped going to school .
tom has the information we need .
tom hurried out of the building .
tom introduced his sister to me .
tom is probably in the building .
tom is throwing stones at birds .
tom is wearing a pirate costume .
tom jumped off the diving board .
tom kept his opinion to himself .
tom kissed mary on the forehead .
tom knew mary would arrive late .
tom knew that he'd been tricked .
tom knows how to cook spaghetti .
tom looked like a weight lifter .
tom made the same mistake again .
tom moved here three months ago .
tom never gave in to temptation .
tom often cries when he's drunk .
tom prefers whole - grain cereals .
tom punched john in the stomach .
tom really wants to lose weight .
tom refused to tell us anything .
tom said he didn't drink coffee .
tom saw something on the ground .
tom should have told me earlier .
tom spent three weeks in boston .
tom spent three years in prison .
tom still thinks mary likes him .
tom thought that mary loved him .
tom told mary he wasn't married .
tom told mary what had happened .
tom told me about your concerns .
tom waited for mary to continue .
tom wants to ask mary something .
tom wants to show you something .
tom was beginning to feel tired .
tom was killed in the explosion .
tom was my first real boyfriend .
tom was only three minutes late .
tom wasn't his usual self today .
tom wasn't scared of the police .
tom will be arriving any moment .
tom will never believe me again .
turn right at the second corner .
twelve divided by three is four .
two families live in that house .
very little is known about them .
vladivostok is a city in russia .
wait till the light turns green .
war is a crime against humanity .
was this letter written by mary ?
we advertise our products on tv .
we are anxious for their safety .
we are leaving japan next month .
we are pretty much in agreement .
we ate fresh fruit after dinner .
we bought a new washing machine .
we can't tell anyone about this .
we can't use cellphones in here .
we don't get many visitors here .
we had an earthquake last night .
we have to save him immediately .
we haven't caught the thief yet .
we intended to start right away .
we need that report by tomorrow .
we need this report by tomorrow .
we need to discuss this further .
we often talk about the weather .
we should be proud of ourselves .
we should have taken his advice .
we should let sleeping dogs lie .
we took turns cleaning the room .
we want to make everybody happy .
we went to high school together .
we work every day except sunday .
we'll go to church this evening .
we'll have to do this ourselves .
we'll never go back there again .
we'll probably all be dead soon .
we'll talk again in the morning .
we're just getting ready to eat .
we're no longer working for tom .
we're not trying to make amends .
we're on a tight schedule today .
we've been married for 30 years .
we've used almost all the money .
what are you learning at school ?
what are you punishing them for ?
what are your plans for tonight ?
what bothers me is his attitude .
what department do you work for ?
what do you think they're after ?
what exactly is your book about ?
what happened to all that money ?
what happened to you last night ?
what happened to your other car ?
what is the exchange rate today ?
what other movies did you watch ?
what time does your plane leave ?
what time will dinner be served ?
what were you doing before this ?
what were you doing that moment ?
what were you two talking about ?
what would life be without hope ?
what would you like for dessert ?
what's life like where you live ?
what's the purpose of your trip ?
when did the robbery take place ?
when did the wedding take place ?
when did you visit your friends ?
where are you going on vacation ?
where do you think you're going ?
where do you usually go fishing ?
where will you have lunch today ?
which of these rackets is yours ?
who cares when she gets married ?
who could have spread that news ?
who picked you for this mission ?
who wants another piece of cake ?
who was this picture painted by ?
why are you two always fighting ?
why did god create the universe ?
why did you stay home yesterday ?
why didn't the police notify us ?
why didn't you follow my advice ?
why does catnip drive cats nuts ?
why does catnip make cats loopy ?
why does nobody eat my potatoes ?
why doesn't anyone listen to me ?
why don't you have a girlfriend ?
why don't you run for president ?
why not try that delicious wine ?
wild animals live in the forest .
will you turn on the television ?
wipe your feet before coming in .
would anyone else like to speak ?
would you care for more cookies ?
would you like to eat something ?
would you like to travel abroad ?
would you mind closing the door ?
would you mind paying this time ?
would you work for minimum wage ?
yesterday a truck hit this wall .
you always take things too easy .
you are always doubting my word .
you are very attractive in blue .
you are very early this morning .
you can't just change your mind .
you could get arrested for that .
you don't have to come tomorrow .
you don't need to worry anymore .
you don't understand women , tom .
you have to believe in yourself .
you have to protect your family .
you know what i'm talking about .
you know where the problem lies .
you look gorgeous in that dress .
you may invite whoever you like .
you might be interested in this .
you must obey the traffic rules .
you need to respect the elderly .
you said there was an emergency .
you should be proud of yourself .
you should conform to the rules .
you should keep your mouth shut .
you should listen to his advice .
you should've seen what tom did .
you take your job too seriously .
you were terrified , weren't you ?
you won't be needing that again .
you won't believe what i've got .
you'd better not argue with tom .
you'd better tell him the truth .
you'd better watch what you say .
you'll have to ask someone else .
you're tom's friend , aren't you ?
you're done working , aren't you ?
you're not allowed to eat those .
you're not allowed to park here .
you're still single , aren't you ?
you're the champion , aren't you ?
you're the only canadian i know .
you're wasting both of our time .
you've been kissed , haven't you ?
you've got a pretty good memory .
you've got bags under your eyes .
you've told me that joke before .
your english has improved a lot .
your answer is far from perfect .
your bicycle is similar to mine .
your car has a broken taillight .
your idea is not entirely crazy .
your kiss is sweeter than honey .
your name sounds familiar to me .
your parents know where you are .
your problem is similar to mine .
your question is hard to answer .
your shirt button is coming off .
your team is stronger than ours .
your wristwatch is on the table .
a crowd soon gathered around him .
a father provides for his family .
a new road is under construction .
a revolution broke out in mexico .
a right angle has ninety degrees .
a river flows through the valley .
a sin confessed is half forgiven .
a toothache deprived me of sleep .
a true friend would've helped me .
all i want is some companionship .
all of the students were present .
all of them were handmade things .
all of us climbed aboard quickly .
all the parking spots were taken .
all the players were in position .
all the students passed the test .
almost all the doors were closed .
apparently , not much has changed .
are there still some empty seats ?
are you accusing me of something ?
are you allergic to any medicine ?
are you and tom working together ?
are you aware of what's happened ?
are you free on friday afternoon ?
are you guys stupid or something ?
are you lazy or just incompetent ?
are you seeing anybody right now ?
are you still playing the guitar ?
berlin is the capital of germany .
birds are flying above the trees .
brush your teeth after each meal .
can i ask you something personal ?
can i go swimming this afternoon ?
can i have your telephone number ?
can my friend sleep over tonight ?
can someone please open the door ?
cigarette smoke bothers me a lot .
come here at exactly six o'clock .
could we take you somewhere else ?
could you explain it more simply ?
could you please clear the table ?
dna tests showed he was innocent .
dad's in an impatient mood today .
darkness is the absence of light .
death is often compared to sleep .
did you already do your homework ?
did you also invite your friends ?
did you find everything you want ?
didn't you hear your name called ?
dinosaurs used to rule the earth .
do these paintings appeal to you ?
do we need an universal language ?
do you have brothers and sisters ?
do you have safety deposit boxes ?
do you realize what you're doing ?
do you remember seeing me before ?
do you sell advance tickets here ?
do you still have tom's umbrella ?
do you think that'll happen soon ?
does anyone else know about this ?
does this backpack belong to him ?
doesn't anything ever get to you ?
doesn't it interest you a little ?
don't be afraid to ask questions .
don't be too dependent on others .
don't blame me for your mistakes .
don't cut in while we're talking .
don't forget to flush the toilet .
don't forget to mail this letter .
don't forget to put on sunscreen .
don't forget to send that letter .
don't hesitate to ask for advice .
don't let them see you're afraid .
don't make it any more difficult .
don't make me change that policy .
don't open that door for anybody .
don't speak with your mouth full !
don't talk to anybody about this .
don't waste your time on trifles .
don't write me such long letters .
don't you feel the house shaking ?
don't you remember what you said ?
don't you see what you've become ?
don't you see who's following us ?
don't you think you deserve that ?
dust had accumulated on the desk .
each country has its own customs .
england was invaded by the danes .
english is also studied in china .
english is not my first language .
ethics is a branch of philosophy .
even a teacher can make mistakes .
everybody needs food , don't they ?
everybody plays the game of love .
everyone was shocked by the news .
everyone was silent for a minute .
everything is now back to normal .
everything that tom said is true .
exercise is good for your health .
faded jeans are still in fashion .
father got the drink for nothing .
father showed him into the study .
few people know the true meaning .
find tom before he tells someone .
first , you must protect yourself .
germany then had a powerful army .
guess whose birthday it is today .
have you called an ambulance yet ?
have you called the boss already ?
have you decoded the message yet ?
have you ever been kissed before ?
have you ever kissed another guy ?
have you found any good solution ?
have you heard from her recently ?
have you heard from him recently ?
have you taken your medicine yet ?
he acts like he knows everything .
he advertised his house for sale .
he became rich through hard work .
he built on his father's fortune .
he calculated the speed of light .
he can't stop thinking like that .
he continued walking for a while .
he convinced me of his innocence .
he convinced us of her innocence .
he decided to have the operation .
he didn't respond to my question .
he didn't want to antagonize her .
he doesn't have any real friends .
he doesn't know much about japan .
he explained the facts at length .
he felt nervous about the result .
he has already finished his work .
he has nothing to complain about .
he has some knowledge of editing .
he hasn't answered my letter yet .
he hasn't written the letter yet .
he inherited an old wooden chest .
he introduced his daughter to me .
he is a potential world champion .
he is accustomed to working hard .
he is acquainted with the custom .
he is always losing his umbrella .
he is in good physical condition .
he is independent of his parents .
he is staying with his relatives .
he is the greatest living artist .
he is uncertain about his future .
he keeps making the same mistake .
he knows a lot about butterflies .
he knows what he's talking about .
he leaped over the shallow ditch .
he left for no reason whatsoever .
he likes french more than german .
he looked back over his shoulder .
he managed to climb the mountain .
he never gets invited to parties .
he never speaks unless spoken to .
he often drives his father's car .
he pressed the button and waited .
he pretended not to be listening .
he promises not to drink anymore .
he ran past without noticing her .
he ran through the streets naked .
he readily agreed to my proposal .
he repaired his watch by himself .
he risked losing all his fortune .
he sat surrounded by young girls .
he showed signs of great emotion .
he sold his business and retired .
he speaks english better than me .
he telephoned me again and again .
he thinks of nothing but himself .
he wants something cold to drink .
he was absent because of illness .
he was accused of stealing money .
he was banished from the kingdom .
he was conscious of her presence .
he was satisfied with the result .
he was successful in the attempt .
he was wearing a threadbare suit .
he went backstage after the show .
he will arrive in kyoto tomorrow .
he will arrive in paris tomorrow .
he works for an american company .
he'll finish the job by tomorrow .
he's sitting in the waiting room .
he's wanted for grand theft auto .
her face was drenched with sweat .
her father passed away last week .
her husband is an excellent cook .
her late husband was a violinist .
her long hair was completely wet .
her mother will continue to work .
his behavior is worthy of praise .
his criticisms were out of place .
his father has never scolded him .
his house is surrounded by trees .
his identity must be kept secret .
his paintings seem strange to me .
his picture was in the newspaper .
his rude behavior makes me angry .
his shirt was stained with sauce .
his son was expelled from school .
history is not his major subject .
how are you feeling this morning ?
how come you didn't say anything ?
how did tom get that information ?
how did you handle the situation ?
how did you obtain this painting ?
how long is your spring vacation ?
how much does this umbrella cost ?
how old might his grandfather be ?
i actually don't know the answer .
i agree with what you've written .
i am convinced of your innocence .
i am interested in asian history .
i am responsible for the mistake .
i appreciate anything you can do .
i attempted to solve the problem .
i barely know anything about you .
i believe that there's a mistake .
i believe things will get better .
i brought you a little something .
i brush my teeth after breakfast .
i can hardly wait until tomorrow .
i can hear a saxophone somewhere .
i can't answer all the questions .
i can't believe i'm hearing this .
i can't believe it's that simple .
i can't believe that didn't work .
i can't believe we're doing this .
i can't believe what i'm hearing .
i can't believe you're giving up .
i can't hear what they're saying .
i can't help admiring his talent .
i can't imagine life without you .
i can't imagine living like that .
i can't remember all their names .
i can't stop thinking about that .
i can't understand what she says .
i can't wait for valentine's day !
i cannot be understood in german .
i cannot understand what you say .
i consider him a great scientist .
i could answer all the questions .
i didn't take the wrong umbrella .
i didn't think it really existed .
i didn't want to be presumptuous .
i don't appreciate being lied to .
i don't believe in group therapy .
i don't believe that's the truth .
i don't believe what i'm hearing .
i don't care about my reputation .
i don't expect anything from you .
i don't feel like drinking vodka .
i don't feel like playing either .
i don't have a guilty conscience .
i don't have any further details .
i don't have anything to declare .
i don't have the right equipment .
i don't have the slightest doubt .
i don't know anything about that .
i don't play tennis after school .
i don't really feel like reading .
i don't remember that guy's name .
i don't understand german at all .
i don't understand what he wants .
i don't usually wait for anybody .
i don't want to watch television .
i don't work late tomorrow night .
i don't work well under pressure .
i explained the procedure to him .
i feel very comfortable with you .
i fell asleep listening to music .
i figured you'd enjoy this movie .
i finally got a driver's license .
i finally have everything i need .
i find that difficult to believe .
i find this difficult to believe .
i forgot that today was saturday .
i found the bed very comfortable .
i guess i'd better start packing .
i guess that means we're winning .
i had a nightmare about vampires .
i had my bicycle fixed yesterday .
i had to postpone my appointment .
i had to work overtime yesterday .
i hardly know anything about you .
i have a lot of responsibilities .
i have difficulty paying my rent .
i have no intention of resigning .
i have nothing particular to say .
i have quit smoking and drinking .
i have recently given up smoking .
i haven't seen you around before .
i haven't swum since last summer .
i heard him speak fluent english .
i hope i haven't offended anyone .
i hope i'm not bothering anybody .
i hope you won't be disappointed .
i just assumed you wouldn't mind .
i just finished reading the book .
i just got your letter yesterday .
i knew i'd get blamed eventually .
i knew something tom didn't know .
i know a good italian restaurant .
i know that tom likes basketball .
i know who's pulling the strings .
i like english better than music .
i like butter better than cheese .
i like having breakfast with you .
i like summer better than winter .
i like watching movies in french .
i love the outfit you're wearing .
i love to paint with watercolors .
i missed you very much yesterday .
i often play soccer after school .
i often play tennis after school .
i often receive letters from him .
i only got your letter yesterday .
i realize it's probably too late .
i realize that there's a problem .
i really can't make any promises .
i really don't feel like talking .
i really don't have enough money .
i recognized him at first glance .
i recommend we keep our distance .
i refuse to discuss the question .
i remember giving tom some money .
i remember telling her that news .
i should've been honest with you .
i shouldn't have sent that email .
i shouldn't have to say anything .
i slept through the entire movie .
i speak chinese almost every day .
i spoke with the minister myself .
i stayed with an american family .
i still don't write chinese well .
i stopped listening to the radio .
i study math harder than english .
i succeeded thanks to his advice .
i suppose you'll be needing this .
i think tom's number is unlisted .
i think jogging is good exercise .
i think our relationship is over .
i think that's kind of dishonest .
i think we need more information .
i think we should stick together .
i think we've waited long enough .
i think you should take vitamins .
i thought they wouldn't like you .
i thought we'd have fun together .
i tried to maintain my composure .
i usually have a light breakfast .
i usually stay indoors on sunday .
i want to apologize to everybody .
i was absent from work yesterday .
i was deceived by her appearance .
i was raised eating mexican food .
i went into partnership with him .
i went to the hospital yesterday .
i wonder if there's a connection .
i wonder if they'll get divorced .
i work different hours every day .
i write letters almost every day .
i'd like to graduate next spring .
i'd like to visit boston someday .
i'd never do something like that .
i'll carry this suitcase for you .
i'll give you a local anesthetic .
i'll meet you right after school .
i'll never forget our first date .
i'll never leave you alone again .
i'll not make that mistake again .
i'll stay there till six o'clock .
i'll take back everything i said .
i'm assuming this is your father .
i'm delighted that it's all over .
i'm getting used to eating alone .
i'm going to america this summer .
i'm going to rewrite this report .
i'm just a regular office worker .
i'm just worried about my weight .
i'm looking forward to the party .
i'm not hiding anything from you .
i'm not privy to their decisions .
i'm not trying to impress anyone .
i'm sick and tired of hamburgers .
i'm sorry i didn't answer sooner .
i'm sorry i missed your birthday .
i'm sorry things didn't work out .
i'm still cooking the brown rice .
i'm still suffering from jet lag .
i'm sure everything will be fine .
i'm sure that won't be necessary .
i'm sure there's another way out .
i'm sure you have many questions .
i'm sure you won't disappoint me .
i'm three years younger than you .
i'm very sorry about the mistake .
i'm willing to accept your offer .
i've decided never to vote again .
i've finally gotten over my cold .
i've gotten used to this climate .
i've just arrived at the station .
i've never even had a girlfriend .
i've never felt like this before .
i've never seen anything like it .
in autumn the leaves turn yellow .
is eating cockroaches a bad idea ?
is everything all right in there ?
is everything all right up there ?
is that seriously what you think ?
is the meeting today or tomorrow ?
is there something wrong with me ?
it doesn't matter what i believe .
it looks like it's working again .
it looks like you've been crying .
it may possibly be fine tomorrow .
it sounds like someone is crying .
it was getting louder and louder .
it was less than fifteen dollars .
it was shorter than she expected .
it'll cost at least five dollars .
it's essential that we find them .
it's impossible to change it now .
it's not something anyone can do .
it's not worth worrying about it .
it's nothing to be alarmed about .
it's nothing to write home about .
it's the shortest route to paris .
it's there someone you can trust ?
keep children away from the pond .
laughter is good for your health .
let me know when you've finished .
let me know where you're staying .
let them take care of themselves .
let's get this over with quickly .
let's go to a chinese restaurant .
let's go to the theater together .
let's not get ahead of ourselves .
let's not think about it anymore .
let's see what happens this time .
let's shake hands and be friends .
let's take turns rowing the boat .
let's talk about it after school .
let's wait for another 5 minutes .
life without love has no meaning .
london is the capital of england .
look at the blackboard , everyone .
lots of people make that mistake .
luckily , he won the championship .
many boys and girls were present .
mary claims you stole her pearls .
mary is prettier than her sister .
mary loves shoes with high heels .
may i see your invitation please ?
maybe i shouldn't have done that .
maybe he has lots of girlfriends .
maybe you should call the police .
more than twenty boys went there .
most japanese eat rice every day .
mother has not cooked dinner yet .
mother is cooking in the kitchen .
motivation is the key to success .
my baby has a hereditary disease .
my boss turned down his proposal .
my brother sends you his regards .
my father can speak english well .
my father doesn't waste his time .
my father is free this afternoon .
my father is sweeping the garage .
my father likes traveling by air .
my father would often go fishing .
my friend only eats organic food .
my girlfriend often cuts my hair .
my grandmother has a green thumb .
my hobby is collecting old coins .
my house is covered by insurance .
my little brother is watching tv .
my mother died during my absence .
my mother does not speak english .
my mother is busy cooking dinner .
my parents aren't home right now .
my son likes books about animals .
my watch is different from yours .
never hesitate to tell the truth .
nobody has a landline these days .
not a single person arrived late .
nothing is as important as peace .
now i'll add the finishing touch .
only you can answer the question .
opinion is divided on this point .
our only daughter died of cancer .
our passports were all we needed .
our plane is thirty minutes late .
our refrigerator is out of order .
our school is larger than theirs .
peace talks will begin next week .
people say that he's still alive .
people thought that she was dead .
please close the door behind you .
please cut along the dotted line .
please forgive me for being late .
please help yourself to the cake .
please pardon me for coming late .
please reserve this table for us .
please say hello to your parents .
please tell tom that mary called .
please tell us about your family .
please wait outside of the house .
sadly , many japanese people died .
school begins at half past eight .
school begins on april the tenth .
school violence is a big problem .
sea turtles have a long lifespan .
she accompanied him on the piano .
she advised him against doing it .
she advised him to leave earlier .
she advised him to stop drinking .
she appears to have many friends .
she bolted the doors and windows .
she cooked us a delicious dinner .
she could feel her knees shaking .
she decided to take legal advice .
she didn't exactly agree with me .
she didn't mind doing the dishes .
she dived into the swimming pool .
she doesn't care how she dresses .
she drowned herself in some lake .
she earns her living by teaching .
she felt herself being lifted up .
she found employment as a typist .
she grows tomatoes in her garden .
she had the decency to apologize .
she happened to know his address .
she has broken the toaster again .
she has brought up five children .
she has left her umbrella behind .
she hasn't done her homework yet .
she informed me of her departure .
she introduced her sister to him .
she introduced me to her brother .
she is beautiful like her mother .
she is convinced of my innocence .
she is familiar with the subject .
she is practicing the violin now .
she kept on talking while eating .
she knitted her father a sweater .
she likes cooking for her family .
she lived there about five years .
she lived up to our expectations .
she looked back on her childhood .
she looked better than last time .
she might have met him yesterday .
she nodded her head in agreement .
she ordered the book from london .
she picked flowers in the garden .
she pretty much keeps to herself .
she remained single all her life .
she reproached me for being lazy .
she showed up early for practice .
she solved the problem with ease .
she spent the weekend by herself .
she still depends on her parents .
she stopped to smoke a cigarette .
she succeeded in opening the box .
she suffocated him with a pillow .
she takes a shower every morning .
she told me an interesting story .
she told us an interesting story .
she took a walk before breakfast .
she urged him to drive carefully .
she wants to marry a millionaire .
she was alone on valentine's day .
she was anxious about his health .
she was busy with household work .
she was heard playing the violin .
she was wearing dark brown shoes .
she wasn't dancing with him then .
she will leave the hospital soon .
she wrapped the present in paper .
she's a violinist of some renown .
she's five years younger than me .
she's pleased with her new dress .
should i have my tooth extracted ?
shouldn't you be telling us that ?
skating on the pond is dangerous .
sleeping in class is not allowed .
smoking is harmful to the health .
some animals are active at night .
some even accused him of treason .
some voters waited hours to vote .
somehow i thought you'd say that .
something has happened to my car .
something is wrong with my watch .
sorry , i wasn't paying attention .
speaking japanese is easy for me .
spring is just around the corner .
start reading where you left off .
strictly speaking , you are wrong .
suddenly , he changed the subject .
suicide is an act of desperation .
supplies of oil are not infinite .
swimming is good for your health .
take whichever of these you want .
talking during a concert is rude .
tell them what you're doing here .
thank you for the christmas gift .
thank you for the wonderful meal .
that almost sounds like a threat .
that bridge is anything but safe .
that dress looks stunning on you .
that flower has a powerful smell .
that happened to me this morning .
that movie was a real tearjerker .
that play was an immense success .
that small star is the brightest .
that sounds credible , doesn't it ?
that was some pretty good advice .
that'll be seven dollars , please .
that's a beautiful piece of meat .
that's a hard question to answer .
that's a nice tie you're wearing .
that's the last thing i remember .
that's the other reason i'm here .
that's what i want to understand .
the inca were a religious people .
the japanese live mainly on rice .
the bill amounted to 100 dollars .
the blood stain can't be removed .
the boat drifted down the stream .
the boy complained of a headache .
the boys played cops and robbers .
the bullet cut through an artery .
the bus leaves every ten minutes .
the bus stopped in every village .
the bus turned around the corner .
the buses left one after another .
the city was blanketed with snow .
the clock is made in switzerland .
the cold weather kept us indoors .
the customer is not always right .
the doctor she visited is famous .
the door remained closed all day .
the fire was put out immediately .
the floor was covered with blood .
the frost killed all the flowers .
the future will come soon enough .
the girl was trembling with fear .
the hills were covered with snow .
the horse ran through the fields .
the hotel has a homey atmosphere .
the house collapsed a week later .
the ice cracked under the weight .
the job isn't anywhere near done .
the king reigned over the island .
the land had never been ploughed .
the middle finger is the longest .
the museum isn't open on sundays .
the new museum is worth visiting .
the painting is all but finished .
the paper didn't carry the story .
the peace talks ended in failure .
the phone doesn't work right now .
the plan was discussed in detail .
the plane flew over the mountain .
the plane made a perfect landing .
the planes flew over the village .
the police accused him of murder .
the police chased the stolen car .
the problem remains to be solved .
the ship wasn't ready for battle .
the sky became darker and darker .
the snow was several meters deep .
the streets aren't safe at night .
the students made her life happy .
the swimmers were numb with cold .
the table was covered with paper .
the talks continued for two days .
the town has many tall buildings .
the traffic light changed to red .
the tree was struck by lightning .
the two answers are both correct .
the two brothers are still alive .
the water flows under the bridge .
the young adapt to change easily .
the young girl lost her bracelet .
the young should respect the old .
there are few houses around here .
there are many islands in greece .
there are many mysteries in life .
there is no school during august .
there is nothing wrong with this .
there is something you must know .
there must be something in there .
there was a heavy rain yesterday .
there was a light rain yesterday .
there was no question about that .
there was only one small problem .
there's a church behind my house .
there's nothing left for me here .
these gloves kept her hands warm .
these houses were dark and dirty .
these trees were planted by them .
they appointed him as a director .
they are both colleagues of mine .
they are expected any minute now .
they aren't telling us the truth .
they charge too much for parking .
they could not get there quickly .
they did not have good equipment .
they fell into each other's arms .
they fit each other so perfectly .
they gave us very little trouble .
they hurried by without a glance .
they mistook him for his brother .
they refused to think of leaving .
they were better than i expected .
they were not listening to music .
they were scolded by the teacher .
they will get married next month .
they're not telling us the truth .
this ball is that boy's treasure .
this blue sweater is very pretty .
this boat is no longer seaworthy .
this book is worth reading again .
this book is worth reading twice .
this car has no air conditioning .
this doll costs only sixty cents .
this is more expensive than that .
this isn't everyone's cup of tea .
this isn't exactly what i wanted .
this lawn mower runs on gasoline .
this packaging is hard to remove .
this plant grew little by little .
this should be clear to everyone .
this story has an unhappy ending .
this sword has a strange history .
this train stops at all stations .
this tree is three meters around .
this will be a great opportunity .
three beers and a tequila please .
tom admired mary for her bravery .
tom and mary are both professors .
tom and mary seem happy together .
tom and mary value their privacy .
tom bought some land near boston .
tom can't do anything about that .
tom carried the suitcases for me .
tom could hear the phone ringing .
tom couldn't help but feel happy .
tom couldn't walk without a cane .
tom doesn't have anything to eat .
tom doesn't know much about guns .
tom doesn't know the whole story .
tom doesn't know what he's doing .
tom doesn't know what's going on .
tom doesn't like poker very much .
tom doesn't like to speak french .
tom doesn't look troubled at all .
tom doesn't read books in french .
tom doesn't speak french at home .
tom doesn't talk to mary anymore .
tom doesn't think it's his fault .
tom drives everybody up the wall .
tom enjoys watching sports on tv .
tom forgot to bring a flashlight .
tom had to do everything himself .
tom has a new girlfriend already .
tom has a tendency to exaggerate .
tom has done other stupid things .
tom has no prior criminal record .
tom hasn't bought his ticket yet .
tom insisted that he acted alone .
tom is afraid of making mistakes .
tom is apparently a truck driver .
tom is determined to lose weight .
tom is driving without a license .
tom is in reasonably good health .
tom is too stubborn to apologize .
tom is usually not very reliable .
tom is writing on the blackboard .
tom knows exactly how mary feels .
tom knows he did something wrong .
tom knows the police suspect him .
tom likes mary's long black hair .
tom lives in a poor neighborhood .
tom married a much younger woman .
tom never listens to the teacher .
tom never talks about his family .
tom refused to sign the document .
tom seldom wears his black shirt .
tom stopped reading for a moment .
tom thinks the plan may backfire .
tom thought about what mary said .
tom thought that mary was asleep .
tom threatened mary with a knife .
tom told me he's getting married .
tom tried climbing the tall tree .
tom was complaining of back pain .
tom was pardoned by the governor .
tom wasn't the first person here .
tom wishes he could speak french .
tom works at a nearby restaurant .
tom wrote a very detailed report .
tom's password was easy to guess .
traffic is a major urban problem .
traffic lights work all the time .
wait until your father gets home .
was it cloudy in tokyo yesterday ?
we accept all major credit cards .
we are anxious about your health .
we associate egypt with the nile .
we can solve this problem easily .
we climbed up the steep mountain .
we discussed a number of options .
we discussed the topic at length .
we don't have a landline anymore .
we find the defendant not guilty .
we gain more knowledge every day .
we grow vegetables in our garden .
we have a party tomorrow evening .
we have different points of view .
we have had bad weather recently .
we have little chance of winning .
we have something else in common .
we have to respect local customs .
we haven't been around that long .
we heard gunshots from next door .
we hope this never happens again .
we should have been more careful .
we should not resort to violence .
we should probably ask tom first .
we stayed there for three months .
we thought that you were married .
we went to australia last summer .
we were surprised at his conduct .
we will reach london before dark .
we'll have to find tom ourselves .
we'll only wait three more hours .
we're all very worried about you .
we're waiting for the right time .
we've just spent two weeks apart .
were your mother and father home ?
what an interesting book this is !
what are the rules of engagement ?
what exactly are you looking for ?
what is the purpose of education ?
what language is spoken in egypt ?
what time does your plane depart ?
what'll you be doing this summer ?
what's the name of your pharmacy ?
what's the purpose of your visit ?
when i phone them nobody answers .
when did she leave the classroom ?
when did the accident take place ?
when did you change your address ?
when did you start writing songs ?
when will you harvest your wheat ?
when will your book be published ?
whenever they meet , they quarrel .
where are you having lunch today ?
where does your friend come from ?
where shall i hang this calendar ?
where's the source of this river ?
which meat dishes do you propose ?
while driving , mind the potholes .
who does this suitcase belong to ?
who else knows about your secret ?
who is hiding behind the curtain ?
who knows what's going to happen ?
who knows when tom's birthday is ?
who will compensate for the loss ?
whose house is across from yours ?
why are people always so cynical ?
why didn't you read the magazine ?
why does everything happen to me ?
why don't you admit your mistake ?
why don't you ask your boyfriend ?
why don't you repaint your house ?
will you lend me your dictionary ?
worrying never does you any good .
would you ever go skinny dipping ?
would you like to drink anything ?
would you mind shutting the door ?
would you please open the window ?
would you please shut the window ?
would you please take my picture ?
you are entitled to your opinion .
you aren't allowed to park there .
you aren't supposed to swim here .
you can't tell anyone about this .
you can't trust anything he says .
you don't know what you're doing .
you have to tighten those screws .
you know tom better than anybody .
you must make your parents happy .
you must not indulge in drinking .
you must not jump to conclusions .
you must not smoke while working .
you must not touch the paintings .
you must not yield to temptation .
you need to lower your standards .
you need to reboot your computer .
you need to redecorate your room .
you ought to love your neighbors .
you should always tell the truth .
you should get your eyes checked .
you should obey all traffic laws .
you should take care of yourself .
you shouldn't have paid the bill .
you sure have a beautiful garden !
you understand korean , don't you ?
you were pretending , weren't you ?
you work harder than anyone here .
you wouldn't have won without me .
you'd be better off staying home .
you'll have to ask somebody else .
you'll never want what they want .
you'll thank me for this someday .
you're acting like a small child .
you're not going to believe this .
you're old enough to know better .
you're out of touch with reality .
you're putting words in my mouth .
you're the laziest person i know .
you've forgotten me , haven't you ?
your bicycle is better than mine .
your composition is the best yet .
your plan seems better than mine .
your sister is beautiful as ever .
your smile always makes me happy .
a closed fist can indicate stress .
a convict has escaped from prison .
a fallen tree obstructed the road .
a rainbow is a natural phenomenon .
a rose's petals are very delicate .
a small company employs 50 people .
a squirrel hid among the branches .
a stranger came into the building .
a treatment will cure the disease .
all took part in the negotiations .
almost all the leaves have fallen .
any chance of us getting approved ?
apparently , tom doesn't like mary .
apples were served as the dessert .
are we expecting any other guests ?
are you allergic to anything else ?
are you feeling under the weather ?
are you responsible for this mess ?
are you still playing the bassoon ?
are you talking to yourself again ?
aren't you going to say something ?
brush your teeth after every meal .
can somebody open the door please ?
can you really predict the future ?
carrots are good for the eyesight .
close your eyes for three minutes .
copper and silver are both metals .
correct my spelling if it's wrong .
could i see your driver's license ?
could you check the tire pressure ?
could you please repeat it slowly ?
could you please stop saying that ?
could you wrap them up separately ?
did i miss something this morning ?
did anybody call on you yesterday ?
did you actually see the accident ?
did you enjoy the party yesterday ?
did you see the eclipse yesterday ?
do you believe in guardian angels ?
do you feel like eating something ?
do you have an english dictionary ?
do you have any french newspapers ?
do you have any further questions ?
do you have any travelers' checks ?
do you have your driver's license ?
do you often listen to audiobooks ?
do you study any foreign language ?
do you subscribe to any magazines ?
do you think english is difficult ?
do you think there's a connection ?
do you understand what i'm saying ?
do you understand what's going on ?
does anyone else use your account ?
does she still have a temperature ?
does this actually make you happy ?
doesn't that mean anything to you ?
dogs aren't allowed in this hotel .
don't be fooled by her appearance .
don't bother me with such trifles .
don't do anything like that again .
don't dwell on your past failures .
don't dwell on your past mistakes !
don't forget to answer his letter .
don't forget to call your parents .
don't make the same mistake again .
don't make the same mistake twice .
don't mention our plan to anybody .
don't sleep with the windows open .
don't tell anyone we've done this .
don't think about stuff like that .
don't worry about what others say .
don't you have an air conditioner ?
elephants live in asia and africa .
every country has its own history .
everybody in the village knew him .
everybody is equal before the law .
everybody knows that he is honest .
everybody wants to sit beside her .
everyone hoped that she would win .
everyone makes a mistake at times .
everyone who knew him admired him .
everything was better in the past .
flowers are growing in the meadow .
fortunately , the weather was good .
forward this to everyone you know .
has anyone ever broken your heart ?
have you already settled the bill ?
have you ever eaten japanese food ?
have you ever gone skinny dipping ?
have you ever kissed another girl ?
have you seen tom medical records ?
have you seen my glasses anywhere ?
have you seen their new apartment ?
he adapted the story for children .
he arrived here ten minutes early .
he congratulated me on my success .
he could not answer that question .
he dedicated his life to medicine .
he did not eat anything yesterday .
he doesn't care much for baseball .
he doesn't show his true feelings .
he drank straight from the bottle .
he enlisted in the foreign legion .
he explained the matter in detail .
he forgave me breaking my promise .
he grows vegetables in his garden .
he had called the rebels traitors .
he has been to switzerland before .
he is a gentleman among gentlemen .
he is enrolled at that university .
he is unsatisfied with the result .
he is very sensitive to criticism .
he is walking towards the station .
he kept silent during the meeting .
he likes animals more than people .
he lived alone in the countryside .
he locked himself in the bathroom .
he must finish his homework today .
he poured cold water over himself .
he proceeded to the next question .
he refused to do much campaigning .
he regrets having wasted his time .
he remained silent the whole time .
he resembles his father very much .
he secretly showed me her picture .
he sent me an affectionate letter .
he showed me his photograph album .
he teaches english to his friends .
he tried to attract her attention .
he used pigeons in his experiment .
he visited many countries in asia .
he was conspicuous by his absence .
he was fascinated with her beauty .
he was jealous of their happiness .
he was raised by his grandparents .
he was unconscious for three days .
he went to the hospital yesterday .
he worked from morning till night .
he'll be here around four o'clock .
he's always running short of cash .
he's an expert at throwing knives .
he's bound to notice your mistake .
he's decided to leave the company .
he's the one who's lagging behind .
he's wearing a white cotton shirt .
her husband smokes like a chimney .
her mother is a wonderful pianist .
his behavior is worthy of respect .
his condition got worse every day .
his family didn't have much money .
his house is somewhere about here .
his house was struck by lightning .
his sleeve touched the greasy pan .
his speech impressed us very much .
his speech was not altogether bad .
how can you justify your behavior ?
how many people live in australia ?
how much does your daughter weigh ?
i am looking forward to christmas .
i appreciate what you did earlier .
i arrived here about five o'clock .
i asked myself that same question .
i asked the doctor some questions .
i believe they're a perfect match .
i can't believe this has happened .
i can't believe this is happening .
i can't believe you chickened out .
i can't believe you're doing this .
i can't help doubting his honesty .
i cannot entertain such a request .
i captured butterflies with a net .
i confessed to stealing the money .
i constantly quarrel with my wife .
i couldn't hear anything you said .
i cut myself shaving this morning .
i did nothing during the holidays .
i did something i regretted doing .
i didn't finish reading that book .
i didn't realize you were serious .
i didn't see anybody following us .
i didn't think anybody was coming .
i didn't understand what you said .
i don't believe such things exist .
i don't believe that ghosts exist .
i don't believe this is happening .
i don't feel like eating anything .
i don't feel like speaking german .
i don't feel like talking anymore .
i don't have any canadian friends .
i don't know anything about japan .
i don't know much about australia .
i don't know much about computers .
i don't like feeling so powerless .
i don't remember agreeing to that .
i don't remember her name anymore .
i don't think it'll rain tomorrow .
i don't think that's allowed here .
i don't understand how this works .
i explained the procedures to him .
i felt my heart beating violently .
i finally found out what happened .
i found a good mexican restaurant .
i got a famous singer's autograph .
i guess it doesn't matter anymore .
i had to get everyone's attention .
i have already changed my clothes .
i have already read today's paper .
i have decided to learn shorthand .
i have eight brothers and sisters .
i have enjoyed reading this novel .
i have just finished eating lunch .
i have just returned from britain .
i have little interest in history .
i have not finished breakfast yet .
i have visited boston three times .
i just couldn't resist doing that .
i just don't get modern sculpture .
i just graduated from high school .
i just started to learn esperanto .
i learned a valuable lesson today .
i like to study foreign languages .
i love old prewar gangster movies .
i may not be completely objective .
i myself will repair that machine .
i never imagined meeting you here .
i never really knew what happened .
i never should've listened to you .
i never thought that would happen .
i prefer working to doing nothing .
i probably won't watch tv tonight .
i reached the village before dark .
i really appreciate all your help .
i remember everything you tell me .
i remember hearing the story once .
i remember one poem in particular .
i should've guessed you'd be busy .
i sometimes hear rumors about her .
i spent all morning chopping wood .
i still have trouble believing it .
i succeeded because of his advice .
i suggest we change clothes first .
i support you one hundred percent .
i think tom didn't understand you .
i think there's been some mistake .
i think you might be overreacting .
i think you've been very immature .
i thought the questions were easy .
i thought we had an understanding .
i thought your house was downtown .
i value your friendship very much .
i was astonished by his ignorance .
i was present at school yesterday .
i was surprised by tom's strength .
i was totally unprepared for this .
i watch television before i study .
i will come tomorrow without fail .
i will play tennis this afternoon .
i wonder what tom actually thinks .
i wonder whose these scissors are .
i would rather die than surrender .
i'd like to cancel my reservation .
i'd like to get medical insurance .
i'd like to visit england someday .
i'd like you to leave immediately .
i'd never played that game before .
i'll call you around five o'clock .
i'll give them an answer tomorrow .
i'll invite whoever wants to come .
i'll see you again this afternoon .
i'll turn around while you change .
i'm going to join a demonstration .
i'm impressed you've done so well .
i'm looking forward to seeing him .
i'm looking forward to seeing you .
i'm not happy with this situation .
i'm often compared to my brothers .
i'm pretty sure that's tom's goal .
i'm really flattered to hear that .
i'm still waiting for your answer .
i've got some rather serious news .
i've got something better in mind .
i've got things under control now .
i've managed to stop the bleeding .
i've never had a traffic accident .
i've never heard this song before .
i've never seen him wearing jeans .
i've warned you before about this .
if you'd listen , you'd understand .
is anyone else excited about this ?
is that what the government wants ?
is there another word for synonym ?
is there anything else you'd like ?
is there enough food for everyone ?
is your new computer working well ?
isn't that what you always wanted ?
it cost less than fifteen dollars .
it could just be your imagination .
it has been raining since tuesday .
it is warmer today than yesterday .
it seems that he knows everything .
it was just a passing infatuation .
it's a matter of vital importance .
it's a wonder they're still awake .
it's already ten o'clock at night .
it's eight o'clock in the morning .
it's hard to understand his ideas .
it's important that he hears this .
it's important that you hear this .
it's me that went there yesterday .
it's more trouble than it's worth .
it's quite likely that he'll come .
it's very likely to rain tomorrow .
it's what we've always dreamed of .
italy is a very beautiful country .
i ’ ve started learning esperanto .
job security became a major worry .
karima hasn't read the letter yet .
kyoto is visited by many tourists .
let's meet the day after tomorrow .
let's pretend we didn't hear that .
let's see what we're dealing with .
life isn't all roses and sunshine .
london is small compared to tokyo .
make good use of this opportunity .
mary prided herself on her beauty .
maybe tom's got something to hide .
more and more americans go abroad .
most signs are written in english .
my aunt inherited the huge estate .
my best friend dances really well .
my best friend stole my boyfriend .
my brother is good at mathematics .
my camera is different from yours .
my father is always getting angry .
my father is coming home tomorrow .
my father is retiring next spring .
my father often washes the dishes .
my father painted the mailbox red .
my father slept through the movie .
my grandfather is in his nineties .
my ideas are different from yours .
my parents are very old fashioned .
my primary concern is your safety .
my sister usually walks to school .
my upper right wisdom tooth hurts .
my wife is obsessed with cleaning .
my younger brother is watching tv .
no meal is complete without bread .
no medicine can cure this disease .
nobody is paying attention to tom .
noh is a traditional japanese art .
not all teachers behave like that .
not all the students were present .
not everybody knows about my plan .
not everything is black and white .
opposition to the bill was strong .
our school library has many books .
our troops engaged with the enemy .
our uncle bought us movie tickets .
paper was first invented in china .
peel the potatoes and the carrots .
people are playing near the beach .
people came to like her paintings .
people grow more cynical with age .
people notice every move he makes .
phoenix is the capital of arizona .
place the ladder against the wall .
playing go is my favorite pastime .
please feel free to ask questions .
please help yourself to the fruit .
please help yourself to the salad .
please make yourself at home here .
please put on your safety glasses .
please stop playing with your hat .
please take good care of yourself .
rain is forecast for this evening .
raise your hand before you answer .
read lesson 10 from the beginning .
scott was a contemporary of byron .
see that this never happens again .
she answered my letter right away .
she begged for something to drink .
she can speak english pretty well .
she carried that table by herself .
she decided to have the operation .
she decorated her room with roses .
she described the scene in detail .
she devoted her life to education .
she didn't appear to recognize me .
she didn't feel like eating lunch .
she doesn't understand me , either .
she entered this school last year .
she fell unconscious to the floor .
she felt something touch her neck .
she gave him everything she owned .
she gave me some practical advice .
she had a narrow escape yesterday .
she has a distinct english accent .
she has a very strong personality .
she has been busy since yesterday .
she has no opinion about religion .
she helped me out countless times .
she intended to become an actress .
she is apparently an honest woman .
she is more pretty than beautiful .
she is traveling around the world .
she is working hard this semester .
she kept silent about the problem .
she learned her part very quickly .
she looks beautiful in that dress .
she made cookies for the children .
she must have been very beautiful .
she ordered the book from england .
she practices the piano every day .
she presented him with the trophy .
she should be charged with murder .
she should have been more careful .
she stared at him in astonishment .
she translated that word for word .
she turned against her old friend .
she visited her husband in prison .
she walked around looking for him .
she was accompanied by her mother .
she was engaged as an interpreter .
she was never disrespectful to me .
she was satisfied with the result .
she was successful in the attempt .
she wasn't friendly with him then .
she watched him drawing a picture .
she would not disclose the secret .
she's putting the children to bed .
smoke was rising from the chimney .
smoking is harmful to your health .
some friends invited me to dinner .
some people are afraid of spiders .
someday your dream will come true .
something bad was about to happen .
such painters as picasso are rare .
taking off is easier than landing .
thanks for photocopying it for me .
that ended better than i expected .
that hotel has a homey atmosphere .
that is how the accident occurred .
that isn't what i'm talking about .
that one over there's really cute .
that speech lost tom the election .
that town has many tall buildings .
that woman has wrongly accused me .
that's a tough question to answer .
that's not exactly a top priority .
that's the reason he became angry .
the american flag has fifty stars .
the actress is learning her lines .
the answer is anything but simple .
the apartment building is on fire .
the auto industry is hiring again .
the beach is swarming with people .
the boy didn't change his opinion .
the capital of brazil is brasilia .
the car has been acting strangely .
the child came near being drowned .
the children made a giant snowman .
the coat doesn't have any pockets .
the committee meets twice a month .
the company will soon go bankrupt .
the data hasn't been compiled yet .
the decision hasn't yet been made .
the doctor started to examine her .
the door will be painted tomorrow .
the drowning man shouted for help .
the export of arms was prohibited .
the file cabinet drawers are open .
the fire was extinguished at once .
the girl treated her horse kindly .
the helicopter landed on the roof .
the hunters aimed at the elephant .
the interview began at 10 o'clock .
the kids jumped on the trampoline .
the landscape is unfamiliar to me .
the mountain is covered with snow .
the paraglider landed in the tree .
the peace talks failed once again .
the plane is approaching new york .
the problem is difficult to solve .
the rain prevented me from coming .
the river's water level has risen .
the room became filled with smoke .
the room is crawling with spiders .
the room will be painted tomorrow .
the sculptures are of great value .
the store might be closed already .
the storm didn't cause any damage .
the suspect is a caucasian female .
the taxi picked up two passengers .
the train lurched to a standstill .
the train was thirty minutes late .
the two sides negotiated for days .
the vegetation was thick and lush .
the village is beyond those trees .
the village was dead after sunset .
the violence lasted for two weeks .
the wall is covered with graffiti .
the whole world hungers for peace .
their marriage broke up last year .
there are no roses without thorns .
there are students in the library .
there are various kinds of coffee .
there is honor even among thieves .
there is milk in the refrigerator .
there is no accounting for tastes .
there is no cure for lovesickness .
there was fighting in the streets .
there was nothing i could've done .
there were two murders this month .
these flowers have a unique smell .
these toys are suitable for girls .
they admitted her to the hospital .
they all objected to his proposal .
they are spraying the fruit trees .
they came at an inconvenient time .
they got married three months ago .
they lifted her above their heads .
they look like they're having fun .
they married when they were young .
they need to change their mindset .
they only sell women's shoes here .
they parted with a firm handshake .
they plan to get married tomorrow .
they sell eggs at the supermarket .
they teach chinese at that school .
they wanted to know what happened .
they were all dressed in uniforms .
they were drinking dry white wine .
they were shoveling the snow away .
they were sunbathing on the beach .
they're living in a fantasy world .
things are starting to take shape .
this house has a solid foundation .
this is a very entertaining story .
this is how the accident happened .
this is strictly a private matter .
this is too important to overlook .
this medicine has no side effects .
this sentence needs to be checked .
this story is worth reading again .
this train stops at every station .
this week is fire prevention week .
this work is not necessarily easy .
those shoes won't do for climbing .
to live without air is impossible .
tom jackson is my favorite writer .
tom and mary are devout catholics .
tom and mary have three daughters .
tom and mary were both alcoholics .
tom bought me everything i wanted .
tom can't see without his glasses .
tom carried mary on his shoulders .
tom certainly didn't vote for her .
tom cleaned his room this morning .
tom commutes to school by bicycle .
tom concealed his anger from mary .
tom couldn't stop talking to mary .
tom didn't attend class last week .
tom didn't feel like playing golf .
tom didn't get home till midnight .
tom didn't have dinner last night .
tom didn't know he'd hurt anybody .
tom disguised himself as a priest .
tom doesn't have to come tomorrow .
tom doesn't like the rainy season .
tom doesn't want to work tomorrow .
tom explained the project to mary .
tom gave away everything he owned .
tom has a lot of responsibilities .
tom has been expelled from school .
tom has committed a serious crime .
tom hid behind the shower curtain .
tom introduced mary to his family .
tom introduced mary to his mother .
tom is always playing video games .
tom is complaining to the manager .
tom is currently living in boston .
tom is eating breakfast right now .
tom is getting married next month .
tom is more intelligent than mary .
tom is worried about his children .
tom knew who mary's boyfriend was .
tom knows how to repair computers .
tom knows what he's talking about .
tom made himself something to eat .
tom must've taken the wrong train .
tom never gets invited to parties .
tom never lets anyone do anything .
tom pressed the button and waited .
tom promised not to smoke anymore .
tom seems more annoyed than angry .
tom seems to have trouble walking .
tom seldom speaks to mary anymore .
tom showed mary his baby pictures .
tom spent three years behind bars .
tom teaches french to my children .
tom took notes during the meeting .
tom tried to control his emotions .
tom was annoyed by mary's silence .
tom will likely accept your offer .
tom wouldn't let anybody help him .
tom's job was outsourced to china .
training for a marathon is taxing .
trains come more often than buses .
unfortunately , that rumor is true .
unfortunately , the report is true .
watch out for thieves around here .
watching tv is a passive activity .
we are concerned about our planet .
we are leaving for hawaii tonight .
we are sorry for the interruption .
we can't just ignore this problem .
we don't meet very often recently .
we don't want anyone getting hurt .
we enjoyed ourselves at the party .
we found that everyone was asleep .
we got all the materials together .
we have enough seats for everyone .
we have nothing to complain about .
we have to follow the regulations .
we have to postpone our departure .
we must finish our homework first .
we need to keep this confidential .
we only sell top quality products .
we saw a stranger walking outside .
we should observe the speed limit .
we spent the weekend with friends .
we suggest you come early tonight .
we talked about it just yesterday .
we thank you for your cooperation .
we walked more quickly than usual .
we were startled by the explosion .
we were surprised by his behavior .
we'll have to find another option .
we're afraid we'll miss our train .
we're not really asking for money .
we're working on a limited budget .
we've made too many bad decisions .
what are you two conspiring about ?
what are your plans for christmas ?
what condition is the building in ?
what do you associate with summer ?
what do you call that contraption ?
what happened to all those people ?
what he's saying is actually true .
what makes you think that'll work ?
what nonsense are you talking now ?
what period is this painting from ?
what time will you have breakfast ?
what were your impressions of tom ?
what would you like for breakfast ?
what's the longest word in french ?
what's the point of your question ?
what's the weather like in boston ?
what's your favorite kind of fish ?
when did you start studying latin ?
when water freezes it becomes ice .
where did the accident take place ?
where did you meet your boyfriend ?
where did you spend your holidays ?
where do you want these suitcases ?
where have you been all afternoon ?
where will we eat breakfast today ?
which dictionary did you refer to ?
which students will take the test ?
who asked for your opinion anyway ?
who should look after the elderly ?
who's the boy swimming over there ?
why are these photos so important ?
why are these two always fighting ?
why couldn't you sleep last night ?
why don't you wear summer clothes ?
why won't anybody talk about this ?
will the weather be good tomorrow ?
winter is right around the corner .
without water , nothing could live .
would you like something to drink ?
would you mind opening the window ?
would you mind sharing your table ?
would you please close the window ?
yesterday we painted the town red .
yokohama is a beautiful port town .
you don't look like a millionaire .
you learn something new every day .
you may choose whichever you want .
you might want to reconsider that .
you must learn from your mistakes .
you must think i'm really strange .
you shall have my answer tomorrow .
you should be proud of yourselves .
you should get your eyes examined .
you should have been more careful .
you should have been more prudent .
you should have gotten up earlier .
you should have refused his offer .
you should marry someone you love .
you should mind your own business .
you should not break your promise .
you should prepare for the future .
you should read between the lines .
you should return what you borrow .
you'll get there by three o'clock .
you're confused again , aren't you ?
you're so beautiful in that dress .
you're the last hope for humanity .
you're very religious , aren't you ?
you've been drinking , haven't you ?
young people must respect the law .
your boyfriend is cheating on you .
your name's further down the list .
zoos are like prisons for animals .
a childhood illness left her blind .
a delicate balance must be reached .
a growing child requires more food .
a swarm of mosquitoes followed him .
a young man barged in unexpectedly .
achilles was an ancient greek hero .
africa is exporting beef to europe .
algebra is a branch of mathematics .
all my friends are getting married .
all possible means have been tried .
all your problems have been solved .
america is a country of immigrants .
amsterdam is famous for its canals .
any student can solve this problem .
are you finished reading the paper ?
are you through with the newspaper ?
asia is much larger than australia .
bacteria will not breed in alcohol .
bangkok is the capital of thailand .
bern is the capital of switzerland .
buffalo bones were made into tools .
california is famous for its fruit .
can you please repeat the question ?
children like playing on the beach .
children should be taught to share .
china is rich in natural resources .
chocolate is toxic to many animals .
climate change is a global problem .
coat the chicken breast with flour .
compare the copy with the original .
copy this program on your computer .
could you please sign the register ?
did you enjoy your winter holidays ?
do circuses still have freak shows ?
do you prefer blondes or brunettes ?
do you think i'm too materialistic ?
does anybody here have a corkscrew ?
don't be afraid of making mistakes .
don't be scared of making mistakes .
don't be so sensitive to criticism .
don't bother to answer this letter .
don't do anything you might regret .
don't forget that we have homework .
don't make me answer that question .
don't tell anyone we're doing this .
don't tell anyone what we're doing .
don't tell me you're tired already .
don't worry . everything'll be fine .
don't you have an interesting face ?
don't you think this is ridiculous ?
don't you want a little excitement ?
dozens of letters are awaiting you .
drinking warm milk makes me sleepy .
dutch is closely related to german .
every spring the river floods here .
everyone always speaks well of tom .
everything comes to those who wait .
everything goes wrong when i leave .
few people will admit their faults .
generally , japanese people are shy .
george washington was born in 1732 .
germans are said to be hardworking .
germany was once allied with italy .
good evening , ladies and gentlemen .
good things come in small packages .
guys are supposed to respect girls .
have you finished reading the book ?
have you found your contact lenses ?
hawaii is a popular tourist resort .
he arched his eyebrows in surprise .
he comes home almost every weekend .
he denies having broken the window .
he did not accept their invitation .
he didn't come to school yesterday .
he doesn't like traveling by plane .
he doesn't live in my neighborhood .
he doesn't watch television at all .
he gets angry if he's contradicted .
he got bored after fifteen minutes .
he has great confidence in himself .
he has just graduated from college .
he has made a significant decision .
he is responsible for the accident .
he is sometimes absent from school .
he is terrible at speaking english .
he is tired of watching television .
he knows many amusing magic tricks .
he listened closely to the speaker .
he lives somewhere around the park .
he looked young beside his brother .
he looks young considering his age .
he maintained that he was innocent .
he managed to pass the examination .
he narrowly escaped being run over .
he owns a very valuable wristwatch .
he remained abroad ever since then .
he sent me some american magazines .
he should have bought some pencils .
he studies much harder than before .
he took over his father's business .
he transferred his office to osaka .
he was educated by her grandfather .
he was educated by his grandfather .
he was named after his grandfather .
he was successful in several areas .
he was watching television all day .
he works for an advertising agency .
he's not good at remembering names .
he's the chairman of the committee .
her condition got worse last night .
her daughter can recite many poems .
her hobby was collecting old coins .
his brother passed away last month .
his debt reached a hundred dollars .
his hobby is collecting old stamps .
his house is somewhere around here .
his name was becoming widely known .
how many sandwiches are there left ?
i am interested in taking pictures .
i am repairing the washing machine .
i brought that back from australia .
i can't believe it's raining again .
i can't believe you're really here .
i can't do without this dictionary .
i can't drink coffee without sugar .
i can't stand his behavior anymore .
i couldn't think of anything worse .
i did it without consulting anyone .
i didn't realize you were canadian .
i didn't think of the consequences .
i don't feel like sleeping anymore .
i don't know anything about racing .
i don't like novels without heroes .
i don't think that'll be necessary .
i don't understand what that means .
i don't understand why it happened .
i feel better today than yesterday .
i guess it shouldn't really matter .
i had trouble pronouncing his name .
i hadn't really thought about that .
i have already started my vacation .
i have confidence in his abilities .
i have never eaten with chopsticks .
i haven't downloaded the files yet .
i haven't eaten anything yet today .
i hope tom's predictions are wrong .
i insist that we leave immediately .
i invited my neighbor to breakfast .
i just finished cleaning the attic .
i know that money isn't everything .
i know this from bitter experience .
i learned nothing from the teacher .
i lost my keys somewhere yesterday .
i ordered those books from germany .
i promised i wouldn't say anything .
i really appreciate you helping me .
i saw tom entering that restaurant .
i saw many birds yesterday morning .
i shop for groceries every morning .
i shouldn't have told you anything .
i stayed indoors because it rained .
i think tom did that intentionally .
i think tom really enjoyed himself .
i think it's somewhere around here .
i think you know that's impossible .
i took advantage of an opportunity .
i usually eat rice with chopsticks .
i was absent from school yesterday .
i was convinced by his explanation .
i was disappointed with his speech .
i was disappointed with your paper .
i wonder if something has happened .
i wonder if there's any connection .
i would never question his honesty .
i wouldn't have worried about that .
i'll accompany you to the hospital .
i'll have to confiscate your knife .
i'll leave tokyo for osaka tonight .
i'm hungry because i haven't eaten .
i'm invited to tom's party tonight .
i'm not familiar with french poets .
i'm not good at classifying things .
i'm not interested in your opinion .
i'm really feeling kind of strange .
i'm really starting to get worried .
i'm sick of conferences these days .
i'm studying french and web design .
i'm surprised you didn't know that .
i'm very worried about your health .
i've always played with my brother .
i've always wanted to learn french .
i've been drinking too much coffee .
i've been way busier than expected .
i've decided to end our friendship .
i've drifted apart from my friends .
i've never cared about such things .
i've never heard that sound before .
i've never seen anything like that .
i've never seen anything like this .
i've never told anyone that before .
is there anyone who speaks english ?
it happened while i wasn't looking .
it just doesn't make sense anymore .
it keeps getting harder and harder .
it seems that everybody likes golf .
it snowed for ten consecutive days .
it was a pretty amazing experience .
it was colder yesterday than today .
it was very cold yesterday morning .
it's a matter of national security .
it's more dangerous than i thought .
it's more difficult than you think .
it's more fun than drinking coffee .
it's not worth reading any further .
it's only effective at close range .
it's rarely nice weather at easter .
japan has become a powerful nation .
kyoto and boston are sister cities .
learning a foreign language is fun .
leave more space between the lines .
lemons and limes are acidic fruits .
let's begin with the first chapter .
let's discuss the matter right now .
let's just forget it ever happened .
let's not deviate from the subject .
let's not discuss the matter today .
let's pick flowers from the garden .
lets play video games or something .
many museums are closed on mondays .
many students have failed the test .
maybe we should sit somewhere else .
most boys take after their fathers .
my brother likes to collect stamps .
my computer won't start up anymore .
my daughter studies in that school .
my father objected to our marriage .
my friend says that she's suicidal .
my grandmother can't see very well .
my heart was filled with happiness .
my internet connection was cut off .
my little brother can read english .
my mother is busy preparing supper .
my opinion is different from yours .
my promotion hangs on his decision .
my school grades have been average .
my sister became a college student .
my wallet and passport are missing .
nearly all japanese have dark hair .
nice weather added to our pleasure .
nobody was paying attention to her .
none of tom's classmates liked him .
none of these things look tempting .
not every student has a dictionary .
nothing seemed out of the ordinary .
nowadays many people travel by car .
one after another the animals died .
one must always keep one's promise .
our budget won't allow that luxury .
our fate depends on your decisions .
our feelings towards him are mixed .
pay attention to what you're doing .
perhaps i shouldn't have done that .
perhaps the train has been delayed .
physics doesn't interest me at all .
playing cards is a popular pastime .
please don't let this happen again .
please enjoy yourself at the dance .
please help yourself to some fruit .
please remember to mail the letter .
please say the alphabet in reverse .
please turn up the air conditioner .
please write down everything i say .
russian is very difficult to learn .
safety is the most important thing .
security was increased in the city .
share your lunch with your brother .
she accompanied me to the hospital .
she acquired a knowledge of french .
she assumed an air of indifference .
she cannot have broken her promise .
she complained about my low salary .
she congratulated me on my success .
she doesn't speak japanese at home .
she gave it her personal attention .
she had the box carried downstairs .
she has remained abroad ever since .
she heard someone calling for help .
she is among those unaccounted for .
she is connected with that company .
she is handicapped by poor hearing .
she is very thoughtful and patient .
she makes herself up every morning .
she managed to keep up appearances .
she quit school for health reasons .
she studied english in the morning .
she taught him everything she knew .
she took advantage of my ignorance .
she wants a fourth generation ipad .
she was reading a gardening manual .
she was unconscious for three days .
she was unconscious of her mistake .
she went shopping at a supermarket .
she went to the hospital yesterday .
she worked from morning till night .
she's a smart and independent girl .
she's giving each child two apples .
she's in the garden planting roses .
she's not prettier than her mother .
shouldn't you be at school already ?
sleep is necessary for good health .
smoking is prohibited on the train .
some things are better left unsaid .
someone has brought us some grapes .
something is grating on her nerves .
something is making the door stick .
something is wrong with the engine .
something may have happened to him .
something very strange is going on .
something was wrong with the watch .
something went wrong with my watch .
sports help to develop our muscles .
take this medicine after each meal .
thank you for the pleasant evening .
thank you for the wonderful dinner .
thank you very much for everything .
that distinction was well - deserved .
that kind of thing isn't important .
that was exactly what she intended .
that's a student my father teaches .
that's how he discovered the comet .
that's how he invented the machine .
that's never happened to me before .
that's never happened to us before .
that's not exactly how it happened .
that's one question i can't answer .
that's the book i bought yesterday .
that's what i'm always telling tom .
that's why i'm not getting married .
the netherlands is a small country .
the accused was sentenced to death .
the article was written in russian .
the banks aren't open on saturdays .
the boy enjoyed painting a picture .
the bridge connects the two cities .
the capital of hungary is budapest .
the ceremony began with his speech .
the children broke the ancient urn .
the children returned home at dusk .
the company issued a press release .
the conference ended two hours ago .
the decision has already been made .
the disease spread in several ways .
the first attack missed the target .
the first few years were difficult .
the flowers brightened up the room .
the forest is teeming with monkeys .
the furniture belongs to my mother .
the garden was filled with flowers .
the goods were transported by ship .
the house has all the conveniences .
the house was surrounded by fields .
the king went hunting this morning .
the meat was crawling with maggots .
the mountain was covered with snow .
the number of students is dropping .
the papers didn't print this story .
the players scrambled for the ball .
the police aren't after us anymore .
the policeman signaled him to stop .
the price of gold fluctuates daily .
the prince succeeded to the throne .
the prisoner was given his freedom .
the problem is being discussed now .
the program starts at nine o'clock .
the river flooded the whole region .
the robber was nabbed this morning .
the school was established in 1650 .
the situation gets worse and worse .
the storm became even more violent .
the storm destroyed the whole town .
the storm developed into a typhoon .
the street is clogged with traffic .
the streets were covered with snow .
the summer vacation begins in july .
the suspect is armed and dangerous .
the telephone was invented by bell .
the two men were business partners .
the view is beautiful beyond words .
the waiters bumped into each other .
the walls were painted light brown .
the whole thing doesn't make sense .
the world is changing every minute .
their intimacy grew with the years .
their rude behavior makes me angry .
there are exceptions to every rule .
there are six people including him .
there is no cure for schizophrenia .
there was a car accident yesterday .
there were soldiers on these ships .
there's a peacock in the courtyard .
there's a sucker born every minute .
there's really nothing else to say .
these implements are in common use .
these new immigrants had no skills .
these pictures were painted by him .
they all thought that tom was crazy
they are aware of the difficulties .
they are disappointed in their son .
they collected shells on the beach .
they crossed the border into spain .
they had trouble finding the place .
they have elected a new government .
they hid themselves in the shadows .
they ran through the streets naked .
they rescued the boy from drowning .
they want to know what's happening .
they were satisfied with the meals .
they will survey the desert island .
this bicycle belongs to my brother .
this book is selling like hotcakes .
this broken vase can't be repaired .
this building belongs to my family .
this building is about to collapse .
this fruit has an unpleasant smell .
this is all a big misunderstanding .
this novel consists of three parts .
this place is worth visiting twice .
this problem is difficult to solve .
this river runs through my village .
this safe is for keeping valuables .
those are the leftovers from lunch .
those pictures were painted by him .
three years have passed since then .
tom and mary raised three children .
tom barricaded himself in his room .
tom believes that mary is innocent .
tom broke his arm playing football .
tom can't read without his glasses .
tom certainly didn't expect to win .
tom certainly had something to say .
tom couldn't help but be impressed .
tom couldn't persuade mary to stay .
tom currently lives with his uncle .
tom denied having stolen the money .
tom deserved the punishment he got .
tom didn't get mary's phone number .
tom didn't give me any alternative .
tom disguised himself as a fireman .
tom doesn't believe what mary says .
tom doesn't blame you for anything .
tom doesn't know anything about it .
tom doesn't know that he's adopted .
tom doesn't think before he speaks .
tom doesn't want anything to drink .
tom emigrated to australia in 2013 .
tom goes swimming almost every day .
tom has quite a quirky personality .
tom hasn't seen mary since october .
tom intends to become a journalist .
tom isn't invited to parties often .
tom looked at his appointment book .
tom must've left the water running .
tom never forgave himself for that .
tom never seems to finish anything .
tom obviously didn't know about it .
tom should have apologized to mary .
tom told mary an interesting story .
tom took a shower before breakfast .
tom turned off the air conditioner .
tom works for a translation agency .
tom wrote down mary's phone number .
tom's diet resulted in weight loss .
tom's funeral will be this weekend .
traffic was blocked by a landslide .
trees are planted along the street .
truer words have never been spoken .
ultraviolet rays are harmful to us .
we are accustomed to wearing shoes .
we are playing tennis this weekend .
we are sorry for the inconvenience .
we can't keep on fooling ourselves .
we criticized her for her behavior .
we discussed the problem at length .
we discussed the subject at length .
we easily figured out the password .
we enjoyed ourselves at the picnic .
we have different ways of thinking .
we have no means of transportation .
we haven't even discussed that yet .
we haven't had any major accidents .
we headed for the mountain cottage .
we like to learn foreign languages .
we need to advertise on television .
we often played chess after school .
we should make something like that .
we should sometimes pause to think .
we were rowing against the current .
we'll have little snow this winter .
we'll have to postpone the meeting .
we'll see each other again someday .
we'll start whenever you are ready .
we're expecting tom any minute now .
we've accomplished a lot of things .
were they in the library yesterday ?
what tom did was incredibly stupid .
what are the doctor's office hours ?
what does everyone do after school ?
what he says is absolutely correct .
what magazines do you subscribe to ?
what newspaper do you subscribe to ?
what you said is absolute nonsense .
what you said is complete nonsense .
what you're doing makes me nervous .
what're your plans for the weekend ?
what's happened here is a travesty .
what's the capital city of finland ?
what's the last thing you remember ?
what's the real reason you're here ?
what's the weight of your suitcase ?
what's your favorite color of hair ?
what's your favorite kind of candy ?
what's your favorite way to travel ?
when did you begin learning german ?
when did you start learning german ?
where are you going this afternoon ?
where did you meet your girlfriend ?
where is this play being performed ?
who's that boy swimming over there ?
why did you accept this assignment ?
why didn't you phone before coming ?
why does everyone think i'm stupid ?
why don't we go somewhere together ?
why don't you drop around sometime ?
will there be any permanent damage ?
will you guys please stop fighting ?
women usually live longer than men .
words rarely have only one meaning .
would you mind babysitting my kids ?
yesterday mary stayed home all day .
yesterday was sunday , not saturday .
you are our one millionth customer .
you are responsible for the result .
you are too sensitive to criticism .
you don't have to explain anything .
you don't know what you're missing .
you have something of a reputation .
you have to adapt to circumstances .
you have to memorize this sentence .
you must have thought of something .
you must read the textbook closely .
you should carry out your promises .
you should have consulted me first .
you should have your eyes examined .
you should have your head examined .
you should not keep people waiting .
you'd best be home before midnight .
you'll wish you had studied harder .
you're never going to believe this .
you've been cleared of all charges .
your effort will surely bear fruit .
your ideas are different from mine .
your ideas are quite old fashioned .
your method is different from mine .
your sister's as beautiful as ever .
a butterfly is a mature caterpillar .
a famous architect built this house .
a number of passengers were injured .
a strange thing happened last night .
all citizens should respect the law .
all major credit cards are accepted .
all the students attended the party .
all your questions will be answered .
anybody would be better than nobody .
arabic is a very important language .
are we being charged with something ?
are you through with your breakfast ?
can you drive a manual transmission ?
can you express yourself in english ?
can you forget your native language ?
can you recommend a good dictionary ?
can you recommend a good restaurant ?
christmas falls on sunday this year .
christmas is just around the corner .
cleaning the garage wasn't much fun .
come downstairs as soon as possible .
could somebody please open the door ?
could you buy everything you needed ?
democracy is one form of government .
did you enjoy yourself last evening ?
did you have breakfast this morning ?
did you try restarting the computer ?
didn't you hear her speaking french ?
do you feel birthdays are important ?
do you have any japanese newspapers ?
do you know tom's girlfriend's name ?
do you really think it's impossible ?
do you think i'm being unreasonable ?
does she know your telephone number ?
does the room have air conditioning ?
does this building have an elevator ?
don't be too sensitive to criticism .
don't disturb me while i'm studying .
don't leave your work half finished .
don't let anything else distract us .
don't let this information leak out .
don't speak unless you're spoken to .
don't talk about yourself like that .
don't you always do what's expected ?
english is a means of communication .
english is spoken in many countries .
english is taught in most countries .
every country has its national flag .
everybody in the picture is smiling .
everybody knows that tom likes mary .
everybody was jealous of my success .
everybody was thrilled by his story .
everyone knows tom isn't happy here .
everyone mistakes me for my brother .
everyone tried to sell their stocks .
everyone wants what they can't have .
everyone who knows him respects him .
everything appears to be going well .
fear washed across the stock market .
few students use pencils these days .
galileo argued that the earth moves .
garlic enhances the flavor of meals .
germany made an alliance with italy .
germany shares a border with france .
getting married is a serious matter .
have you ever scolded your daughter ?
have you finished reading that book ?
have you finished reading the novel ?
have you finished your homework yet ?
he advocated the reduction of taxes .
he described the incident in detail .
he gives plain , simple explanations .
he had an unpleasant screechy voice .
he has visited europe several times .
he is a promising young businessman .
he is apparently responsible for it .
he makes mountains out of molehills .
he returned home without telling us .
he stuck the broken pieces together .
he succeeded in solving the problem .
he succeeded to his uncle's fortune .
he was displeased with his neighbor .
he was looking through a microscope .
he was punished for drunken driving .
he was underwater for three minutes .
he's nervous and gets scared easily .
her condition grew worse last night .
her only hobby is collecting stamps .
his neighbors are suspicious of him .
how come you're always so energetic ?
how did the traffic accident happen ?
how did you celebrate your birthday ?
how would you analyze the situation ?
i agree with everything you've said .
i am interested in japanese history .
i am learning two foreign languages .
i am leaving japan tomorrow morning .
i am responsible for her protection .
i appreciate what you did yesterday .
i can't believe everything tom says .
i can't believe you're still hungry .
i can't believe you're still single .
i can't understand anything he said .
i cannot do without this dictionary .
i declined his invitation to dinner .
i did better than everyone expected .
i didn't mean to interrupt anything .
i don't disagree with your decision .
i don't have any camping equipement .
i don't know anything about cricket .
i don't know what could've happened .
i don't pretend to understand women .
i don't remember mailing the letter .
i don't see any footprints anywhere .
i don't think we've been introduced .
i doubt that's what really happened .
i doubt there's anyone following me .
i expect he'll pass the examination .
i feel like i'm forgeting something .
i found that restaurant by accident .
i freaked out and started screaming .
i go grocery shopping every morning .
i got to boston yesterday afternoon .
i had my personal computer repaired .
i had some engine trouble yesterday .
i haven't finished my breakfast yet .
i heard the children's happy voices .
i just finished cleaning the garage .
i leave for london tomorrow morning .
i never have trouble falling asleep .
i never imagined anything like this .
i ordered this swimsuit from france .
i probably shouldn't have done that .
i reached nagoya early this morning .
i really don't recommend that today .
i regret having neglected my health .
i remember hearing this tune before .
i remember seeing you all somewhere .
i should've expected that to happen .
i should've expected this to happen .
i spilled coffee on your tablecloth .
i steered clear of sensitive topics .
i suppose everyone thinks i'm crazy .
i think tom needs medical attention .
i think that recording is important .
i think there's something tom wants .
i thought he wouldn't recognize her .
i usually have dessert after dinner .
i was surprised by his perseverance .
i was your mother's first boyfriend .
i work from monday through saturday .
i wouldn't call this an improvement .
i'd like to visit australia someday .
i'd rather not answer that question .
i'll bring you the bill immediately .
i'm afraid i have internal bleeding .
i'm beginning to miss my girlfriend .
i'm busy getting ready for tomorrow .
i'm calling from tom's mobile phone .
i'm disappointed that he's not here .
i'm just glad everything worked out .
i'm on the beach playing volleyball .
i'm really surprised tom's not here .
i'm starting to feel better already .
i'm sure it's around here somewhere .
i've asked you this question before .
i've been impressed with tom's work .
i've been to boston countless times .
i've brought you a little something .
i've got a pretty vivid imagination .
i've just finished writing a letter .
i've never gotten a speeding ticket .
i've never seen something like this .
i've never stolen anything from tom .
i've studied english for five years .
inflation is getting out of control .
it became difficult to find buffalo .
it doesn't look like anybody's home .
it has been raining since yesterday .
it is difficult to satisfy everyone .
it rained all through the afternoon .
it's a necessary piece of equipment .
it's been weeks since she's written .
it's important to know one's limits .
it's my father who stopped drinking .
it's not necessary to come tomorrow .
it's true that americans love pizza .
it's your responsibility to do that .
japan and south korea are neighbors .
japan has a high population density .
karaoke is good for reducing stress .
kimchi is a traditional korean dish .
language changes as human beings do .
let's continue the game after lunch .
let's drink to our charming hostess !
let's try to understand one another .
let's visit my grandpa this weekend .
look into the matter more carefully .
make this sentence a little shorter .
making a model plane is interesting .
many american planes were shot down .
many japanese get married in church .
many buildings burned to the ground .
many cities were destroyed by bombs .
many forms of life are disappearing .
maybe i'll go swimming after school .
meat decays quickly in warm weather .
millions of workers lost their jobs .
miniskirts have gone out of fashion .
my bedroom is crawling with spiders .
my father doesn't drink hard liquor .
my feelings for you haven't changed .
my friend was arrested for speeding .
my grandfather has snowy white hair .
my neighbor was arrested last night .
my parents had an arranged marriage .
my tastes differ greatly from yours .
my wife is suffering from pneumonia .
my youngest brother is still asleep .
no one speaks that language anymore .
no one speaks this language anymore .
no two snowflakes are exactly alike .
nobody can foresee what will happen .
nobody knows it's my birthday today .
nobody knows what's going to happen .
nobody's forcing you to do anything .
nothing like that will happen again .
opinions vary from person to person .
perhaps he could solve this problem .
perhaps will he never become famous .
play outside instead of watching tv .
please hand in the necessary papers .
please help yourself to the cookies .
please remember to mail this letter .
please send this by registered mail .
please send this package right away .
please telephone me before you come .
please visit us at your convenience .
police cordoned off the crime scene .
prices went to amazingly low levels .
put this list in alphabetical order .
reading books will make you smarter .
refugees in africa are seeking help .
scientists have found water on mars .
settlers were forced off their land .
she advises me on technical matters .
she always complains of her teacher .
she announced her engagement to him .
she asked the police for protection .
she continued studying all her life .
she couldn't hold back her laughter .
she cremated him against his wishes .
she devoted herself to her children .
she excused herself for coming late .
she gathered her children about her .
she gave us some useful information .
she has forgiven him for everything .
she helped her daughter get dressed .
she helped him overcome his sadness .
she is rarely late for appointments .
she killed herself by taking poison .
she looked more beautiful than ever .
she must have forgotten the promise .
she picked the most expensive dress .
she recovered from her long illness .
she regrets having never been there .
she stammers when she feels nervous .
she started talking with a stranger .
she was always practicing the piano .
she was educated by her grandfather .
she was named after her grandmother .
she was surprised at his appearance .
she went out without saying goodbye .
should you always freeze fresh meat ?
slavery is a crime against humanity .
some of them have committed suicide .
some people are difficult to please .
some things just can't be explained .
someone is standing behind the wall .
someone must have stolen your watch .
someone stole something from my bag .
sometimes he spends time by himself .
sometimes , pictures can fool people .
speaking in public makes me nervous .
students are supposed to study hard .
students have access to the library .
subtlety never was your strong suit .
success does not come from laziness .
suddenly , my mother started singing .
sugar replaced honey as a sweetener .
take this medicine before each meal .
take two aspirins for your headache .
thank you for the beautiful flowers .
that building has no emergency exit .
that copy differs from the original .
that magazine is aimed at teenagers .
that university was my first choice .
that's a question i've asked myself .
that's what makes this so difficult .
the english alphabet has 26 letters .
the giants beat the lions yesterday .
the accident happened two hours ago .
the accident happened two years ago .
the accident has caused many deaths .
the bad weather affected his health .
the balloon floated down the street .
the captain controls the whole ship .
the children are riding their bikes .
the chimney is belching black smoke .
the company is in financial trouble .
the gifts will delight the children .
the girl reads with her grandfather .
the horse stopped and wouldn't move .
the instinct for survival is innate .
the long trip aggravated her injury .
the moonlight reflected on the lake .
the novels he wrote are interesting .
the people here are really friendly .
the place is certainly worth seeing .
the police held back the protesters .
the referee made the right decision .
the ring couldn't be found anywhere .
the river flooded the entire region .
the room was crowded with furniture .
the rule only applies to foreigners .
the semester exams are finally over .
the storm prevented me from leaving .
the students bowed to their teacher .
the surgeon amputated the wrong leg .
the surgeon removed the wrong organ .
the train passed through the tunnel .
the wind scattered the leaves about .
the workers worked around the clock .
their plan sounds interesting to me .
there are downsides to being pretty .
there are many earthquakes in japan .
there is no connection between them .
there were hundreds of people there .
there's no solution to this problem .
there's nothing as precious as love .
these mosquitos are eating me alive !
they accused him of being dishonest .
they are all my personal belongings .
they are engaged in cancer research .
they have already finished the work .
they seem to be enjoying themselves .
they started the meeting without me .
they were abandoned by their mother .
they were afraid of being overheard .
they were punished for their crimes .
they were satisfied with the result .
they worked jointly on this project .
things aren't always as they appear .
this broken vase cannot be repaired .
this cell phone is really expensive .
this child's mother is an announcer .
this hall holds two thousand people .
this is a very sophisticated device .
this is an extremely serious matter .
this is everything i've ever wanted .
this is where the accident happened .
this isn't supposed to be happening .
this medicine is good for headaches .
this mountain is difficult to climb .
this movie is suitable for children .
this painting has already been sold .
this room doesn't get much sunshine .
this should solve all your problems .
this symphony is a real masterpiece .
this theory consists of three parts .
tom almost always ignores my advice .
tom and mary adopted three children .
tom and mary quickly became friends .
tom believes that mary was murdered .
tom can't do even simple arithmetic .
tom could no longer control himself .
tom couldn't do something like that .
tom described the problem in detail .
tom didn't come to school yesterday .
tom doesn't always obey his parents .
tom doesn't have a driver's license .
tom doesn't know how computers work .
tom doesn't like to be contradicted .
tom doesn't want to be disappointed .
tom doesn't want to discourage mary .
tom filled out the application form .
tom handled the situation very well .
tom hasn't realized his mistake yet .
tom helped mary carry her suitcases .
tom is mary's husband's best friend .
tom is outside watering the flowers .
tom is recovering from his injuries .
tom knows almost nothing about mary .
tom maintained that he was innocent .
tom never gives anything to anybody .
tom remained unmarried all his life .
tom said he found something strange .
tom slept on an inflatable mattress .
tom still isn't taking us seriously .
tom thinks this price is reasonable .
tom thought mary could speak french .
tom was chosen among 300 applicants .
turn right at the next intersection .
unfortunately , that wasn't the case .
water becomes solid when it freezes .
we are faced with many difficulties .
we didn't actually see the accident .
we enjoyed playing chess last night .
we have already finished our dinner .
we heard what sounded like gunshots .
we often associate black with death .
we should use the fireplace tonight .
we'd better not change the schedule .
we'll get you back home immediately .
we're headed in the right direction .
we've got bigger problems than that .
we've looked everywhere , haven't we ?
well , stranger things have happened .
what could possibly have gone wrong ?
what direction does your house face ?
what products are currently on sale ?
what vegetables do you usually grow ?
what's the destination of this ship ?
what's your theory on what happened ?
when did you begin learning english ?
when did you begin studying english ?
when did you start wearing contacts ?
where is the nearest police station ?
where shall we have breakfast today ?
which applications do you like best ?
who's the composer of this symphony ?
why don't you take your temperature ?
will you glance through this report ?
will you please check these figures ?
would you like more mashed potatoes ?
would you mind speaking more slowly ?
writers often refer to a dictionary .
you should buy an answering machine .
you should have accepted his advice .
you should have breakfast every day .
you should learn from your mistakes .
you should think of their religions .
you shouldn't laugh at his mistakes .
you're always finding fault with me .
you're hiding something , aren't you ?
you're three years younger than tom .
you've never seen a genuine diamond .
your brother wasn't at school today .
your children are very well behaved .
your handwriting is similar to mine .
your theory has no scientific basis .
all big cities have traffic problems .
all inventions grow out of necessity .
almost all the students like english .
america is ahead in space technology .
any student can answer that question .
apes rank above dogs in intelligence .
are there enough chairs for everyone ?
are you brushing your teeth properly ?
are you interested in japanese music ?
at least thirty students were absent .
be on your guard against pickpockets .
being handsome also has its downside .
birds are natural enemies of insects .
bulgarian is very similar to russian .
business expenses are tax - deductible .
can you play any musical instruments ?
can you validate this parking ticket ?
cars arrived there one after another .
children should drink milk every day .
concentration is a very simple thing .
could you come to tomorrow's meeting ?
customers stopped coming to our shop .
despair drove him to attempt suicide .
did you recognize your old classmate ?
do you remember his telephone number ?
do you remember your passport number ?
does anyone have any other questions ?
don't forget to take your medication .
don't get involved with those people .
don't interrupt me while i'm talking .
don't take his remarks too literally .
drunken driving is a serious problem .
every student was asked one question .
everybody in the audience sang along .
everybody in the world desires peace .
everybody makes mistakes , don't they ?
everything will work out on schedule .
feminine logic is not always logical .
french was the language of diplomacy .
have you already completed this task ?
have you finished reading that novel ?
have you seen tom's latest invention ?
have you seen the uncensored version ?
he always values his wife's opinions .
he changed the topic of conversation .
he committed one crime after another .
he decided to submit his resignation .
he died before the ambulance arrived .
he doesn't look himself this morning .
he finds pleasure in watching people .
he has already finished his homework .
he is familiar with japanese culture .
he makes mistakes like everyone else .
he meets his girlfriend on saturdays .
he never appears before nine o'clock .
he prided himself on his punctuality .
he promptly coped with the situation .
he recommended this dictionary to me .
he seemed unconscious of my presence .
he should have taken the examination .
he slipped while crossing the street .
he took advantage of the opportunity .
he was accompanied by his girlfriend .
he's an advocate of barefoot running .
he's the king's most trusted advisor .
he's walking around in his underwear .
health is more important than wealth .
her anxiety was apparent to everyone .
her classmates do not appreciate her .
his answer was far from satisfactory .
his attempt to escape was successful .
his behavior was anything but polite .
his crime deserved the death penalty .
his novel is beyond my comprehension .
honesty isn't always the best policy .
how does tom's suggestion strike you ?
i apologize for what's happened here .
i could barely contain my excitement .
i couldn't possibly eat another bite .
i did that without consulting anyone .
i don't remember anything about that .
i don't suppose anything will happen .
i enjoyed talking with my girlfriend .
i enjoyed watching soccer last night .
i have connections in the government .
i haven't finished reading this book .
i haven't read today's newspaper yet .
i jog before breakfast every morning .
i know absolutely nothing about that .
i know what you're probably thinking .
i love music , particularly classical .
i must replace that fluorescent lamp .
i ordered several books from england .
i practiced speaking french with tom .
i probably shouldn't have eaten that .
i remember having seen her somewhere .
i remember reading this novel before .
i started learning chinese last week .
i thought that went exceedingly well .
i want my money returned immediately .
i want to know absolutely everything .
i was thinking about getting married .
i wonder what they're laughing about .
i'm adding the finishing touches now .
i'm getting tired of your complaints .
i'm halfway through this crime novel .
i'm having a hard time concentrating .
i'm not accustomed to such treatment .
i'm not interested in a relationship .
i'm not surprised you don't remember .
i'm really not interested in history .
i'm strongly opposed to a compromise .
i'm very concerned about her illness .
i've always dreamed of living abroad .
i've been badly bitten by mosquitoes .
i've been looking for you everywhere .
i've never eaten chinese food before .
i've never thought about that before .
in general , japanese are hardworking .
is bungee jumping frightening or fun ?
is the university's library open now ?
it must weigh about thirty kilograms .
it needs to be perfectly symmetrical .
it seems that something has happened .
it's a pity they're getting divorced .
it's all just a big misunderstanding .
january is usually the coldest month .
keep this information under your hat .
let's stop talking and start working .
logic is obviously your strong point .
many people die in traffic accidents .
many people work in industrial towns .
mary and alice wore matching outfits .
mathematics is basic to all sciences .
most young people have mobile phones .
mother went shopping with my brother .
my brother bought an electric guitar .
my father has a personality disorder .
my grandmother became sick last week .
my grandmother passed away last year .
my mother anticipates all my desires .
my sister is always weighing herself .
my sister is my daughter's godmother .
my younger brother is still sleeping .
necessity is the mother of invention .
nobody could give the correct answer .
nothing is more valuable than health .
nothing out of the ordinary happened .
only my mother really understands me .
osaka is japan's second biggest city .
osaka is japan's second largest city .
our boat approached the small island .
peel and finely chop the horseradish .
perhaps we should discuss this later .
picasso painted this picture in 1950 .
please choose a more secure password .
please feel free to make suggestions .
please send me your latest catalogue .
prices these days are extremely high .
repetition is the mother of learning .
school begins the day after tomorrow .
school starts in september in europe .
several animals escaped from the zoo .
several students came to the library .
she advises him on technical matters .
she attempted to persuade her father .
she cooked vegetable soup last night .
she glanced briefly at the newspaper .
she has an automatic washing machine .
she has just finished washing dishes .
she has legally divorced her husband .
she is getting prettier and prettier .
she is wearing an expensive necklace .
she looks better in japanese clothes .
she nuzzled up against her boyfriend .
she passed the examination with ease .
she played the piano with enthusiasm .
she pressed her lips firmly together .
she used margarine instead of butter .
she was disappointed with the result .
she whispered something into his ear .
she's accustomed to getting up early .
she's been sick since last wednesday .
she's collecting material for a book .
she's not confident about the future .
she's the breadwinner in this family .
soldiers must carry out their orders .
some children do not like vegetables .
something might have happened to her .
sometimes cows are killed by coyotes .
sometimes it's too late to apologize .
stop chattering and finish your work .
stop spending money on stupid things .
thank you for granting me permission .
that boy denies stealing the bicycle .
that broken vase is my grandfather's .
that store no longer sells cosmetics .
the mayor addressed a large audience .
the accident happened in this manner .
the children are creating a painting .
the clerk waited on them immediately .
the cold weather extended into april .
the company released a press release .
the company's share price has fallen .
the contestant made two false starts .
the criminal escaped from the prison .
the crocodile is a protected species .
the driver was charged with speeding .
the enemy has demanded our surrender .
the fire destroyed the tall building .
the garrison was forced to surrender .
the heavy snowfall blocked the roads .
the manager deals with many problems .
the meeting ended earlier than usual .
the meeting will take place tomorrow .
the motor does not function properly .
the movie was a little disappointing .
the new bridge is under construction .
the nurse anticipated all his wishes .
the people expected a victory speech .
the people rebelled against the king .
the policeman visited all the houses .
the president governs for four years .
the soldiers returned to their lines .
the spaceship made a perfect landing .
the squirrel was busy gathering nuts .
the storm shouldn't affect our plans .
the streetlight over there is broken .
the students did the work themselves .
the victim declined to press charges .
the walls were covered with graffiti .
the world doesn't revolve around you .
their losses reached one million yen .
there were about one thousand people .
there's bamboo growing in the garden .
there's no chance that he'll recover .
there's someone hiding in the closet .
there's something else in the drawer .
these books aren't just for children .
these flowers grow in warm countries .
they dealt with the prisoners kindly .
they don't always obey their parents .
they enjoyed themselves at the party .
they never returned to their country .
they were angry about several things .
they were forecasting rain for today .
things have been pretty tough lately .
this book is difficult to understand .
this custom dates from ancient times .
this gun is reportedly very powerful .
this has all been a misunderstanding .
this is a great business opportunity .
this is an extremely important point .
this is something i don't understand .
this mail will be delivered tomorrow .
this painting is attributed to monet .
this product is expensive to produce .
this really is a dangerous situation .
this report is very sloppily written .
tom and mary became lifelong friends .
tom asked the teacher some questions .
tom bought some vegetables and fruit .
tom certainly is an eloquent speaker .
tom described the incident in detail .
tom doesn't know anything about that .
tom doesn't understand french at all .
tom dreams of becoming a millionaire .
tom has forgotten his umbrella again .
tom has just finished washing dishes .
tom hasn't finished his homework yet .
tom is being held prisoner somewhere .
tom is leaving kobe tomorrow morning .
tom is obsessed with learning french .
tom knocked on mary's bedroom window .
tom loves playing old computer games .
tom most certainly would not approve .
tom owns a small advertising company .
tom showed mary his stamp collection .
tom still doesn't know what happened .
tom usually wears white tennis shoes .
tom was surprised by mary's reaction .
tom was unsatisfied with the results .
tom wished he could've stayed longer .
tom's question took mary by surprise .
wait'll you hear what happened today .
we are influenced by our environment .
we can't work under these conditions .
we couldn't find out her whereabouts .
we discussed the article i published .
we should consider a combined effort .
we should proceed with great caution .
we're leaving the day after tomorrow .
we're not afraid of any difficulties .
we're prepared to make tough choices .
we're studying french and web design .
we've talked it over among ourselves .
what had happened wasn't tom's fault .
what languages are spoken in america ?
what's the minimum wage in australia ?
what's the name of this intersection ?
what's your favorite class this year ?
when will you finish your assignment ?
who recommended tom for the position ?
why didn't you say something earlier ?
women generally live longer than men .
would you please autograph this book ?
you are really very productive today .
you cannot prevent him from drinking .
you don't have to trouble yourselves .
you have dirt under your fingernails .
you must not forget your schoolbooks .
you should check your blood pressure .
you should have attended the meeting .
you should have spoken more politely .
you shouldn't write in library books .
you're enjoying yourself , aren't you ?
you're much prettier than i remember .
you've already given me enough money .
your answer is far from satisfactory .
your efforts will bear fruit someday .
your idea differs entirely from mine .
your mother is in critical condition .
your services are no longer required .
a computer can calculate very rapidly .
a walk before breakfast is refreshing .
all the students are studying english .
ants and giraffes are distant cousins .
are you doing anything tomorrow night ?
are you satisfied with my explanation ?
are you serious about getting married ?
at first , everything seemed difficult .
bad weather prevented us from leaving .
break the chocolate into small pieces .
casinos treat high rollers like kings .
certain things are better left unsaid .
children are playing behind the house .
could you suggest an alternative date ?
dark clouds gathered over the horizon .
did that hotel meet your expectations ?
didn't your parents give you anything ?
didn't your parents teach you manners ?
don't interrupt me while i'm speaking .
drinking and driving can be dangerous .
elephants were killed for their ivory .
exams are right after summer vacation .
finding an apartment can be difficult .
french is a very interesting language .
glaciers around the world are melting .
have you ever read gulliver's travels ?
he apologized for having offended her .
he asked his teacher stupid questions .
he assumed full responsibility for it .
he attaches importance to this matter .
he became famous throughout the world .
he committed suicide by taking poison .
he emphasized the importance of peace .
he is confronted by many difficulties .
he is experienced in valuing antiques .
he is in excellent physical condition .
he married his high school sweetheart .
he preferred working to doing nothing .
he was absolved of all responsibility .
he was sentenced to community service .
he's a student of japanese literature .
he's a young , impressionable teenager .
he's sleeping off last night's bender .
he's totally dependent on his parents .
her laughter echoed through the house .
her sudden departure surprised us all .
his ancestors went there from ireland .
his company didn't survive the crisis .
his parents approve of the engagement .
his poems are difficult to understand .
his soldiers feared and respected him .
his theory is difficult to understand .
how about playing golf this afternoon ?
how are the negotiations coming along ?
how would you translate this sentence ?
i can't disclose that information yet .
i congratulate you on your engagement .
i don't believe atlantis ever existed .
i don't believe we've been introduced .
i don't feel like answering questions .
i don't know anything about marketing .
i don't like learning irregular verbs .
i don't really understand the problem .
i don't understand what you're saying .
i don't understand why you're leaving .
i expect nothing less than perfection .
i graduated from university last year .
i have considered that very carefully .
i haven't written anything for months .
i heard the children singing together .
i just can't understand you sometimes .
i love strawberries on christmas cake .
i probably should have said something .
i saw shin'ichi in kakogawa yesterday .
i should have listened more carefully .
i think you know that's inappropriate .
i thought this building was abandoned .
i thought you'd find that interesting .
i translate articles almost every day .
i will definitely attend your funeral .
i'm almost finished reading this book .
i'm ashamed because i acted foolishly .
i'm listening to björk's latest song .
i'm more interested in spoken english .
i'm ordering you to leave immediately .
i'm surprised tom never mentioned you .
i'm very interested in social studies .
i've already taken care of everything .
i've heard that name somewhere before .
i've learned to expect the unexpected .
i've never had trouble falling asleep .
is anyone coming besides your friends ?
it doesn't really matter much anymore .
it rained continuously for three days .
it seemed like you weren't interested .
it's very difficult to understand him .
kyoto depends on the tourist industry .
let's hope that common sense prevails .
let's quit here and continue tomorrow .
lincoln was elected president in 1860 .
many americans are interested in jazz .
many americans wanted a gold standard .
many tourists visit boston every year .
marika translated my book into german .
money does not always bring happiness .
most people can't tell the difference .
my father caught three fish yesterday .
my father is always forgetting things .
my father is suffering from influenza .
my father will support me financially .
neither of those books is interesting .
no students could answer the question .
not every question deserves an answer .
nothing is more important than health .
only one person survived the accident .
opposition to the embargo was growing .
our committee consists of ten members .
our teacher sometimes speaks too fast .
parents were hopeful about the future .
please give me your permanent address .
please look at these papers carefully .
politicians are good at raising money .
recently i moved to another apartment .
sentences begin with a capital letter .
she has totally changed her character .
she is always fishing for compliments .
she is familiar with japanese history .
she passed away peacefully last night .
she reads the newspaper every morning .
she seemed disappointed at the result .
she suffers from a contagious disease .
she wanted to get married immediately .
she wanted to spare him embarrassment .
something is slowing down my computer .
something is wrong with my typewriter .
spanish is spoken in twenty countries .
speak clearly and make yourself heard .
strange things happened in that house .
teenage boys love playing video games .
that accident happened near his house .
that's not really important right now .
the great lakes supply drinking water .
the japanese economy is in depression .
the bloody european conflict was over .
the buildings shook in the earthquake .
the ceremony will take place tomorrow .
the children ran toward the classroom .
the committee members are all present .
the conference went according to plan .
the couple broke off their engagement .
the death penalty should be abolished .
the laborers formed a human barricade .
the machine operates around the clock .
the police recovered the stolen money .
the soldiers were guarding the bridge .
the spectators cheered the players on .
the street was bustling with shoppers .
the student made an irrelevant remark .
the teacher welcomed the new students .
the two poems express human suffering .
the two sisters lived very peacefully .
the weather couldn't have been better .
there are few books without misprints .
there are several forms of government .
there's no membership fee for joining .
there's not enough room for everybody .
there's somebody coming up the stairs .
there's something funny going on here .
these diamonds come from south africa .
they are very interested in astronomy .
they entered into a heated discussion .
they painted the window frames yellow .
they were scattered in all directions .
they're really good at making clothes .
this book is geared towards beginners .
this information checks out all right .
this novel is difficult to understand .
this smartphone uses an arm processor .
this town is increasing in population .
tom acknowledges that he was defeated .
tom advertised his saxophone for sale .
tom bought mary an expensive umbrella .
tom couldn't answer the last question .
tom doesn't dress like everybody else .
tom doesn't know much about indonesia .
tom doesn't remember having said that .
tom doesn't think it'll rain tomorrow .
tom doesn't think it'll snow tomorrow .
tom doesn't usually show his feelings .
tom had some very unusual experiences .
tom is a professional baseball player .
tom is thinking about getting married .
tom played tennis with mary yesterday .
tom realized he had been unreasonable .
tom suddenly realized he wasn't alone .
tom whispered something in mary's ear .
tom's book was translated into french .
unexpected stuff happens all the time .
water consists of hydrogen and oxygen .
water freezes at 0 degrees centigrade .
water freezes at zero degrees celsius .
we are decorating the conference room .
we are overfishing the world's oceans .
we don't want anyone asking questions .
we had an unpleasant experience there .
we introduced ourselves to each other .
we mustn't waste our energy resources .
we sent out the invitations yesterday .
we shouldn't leave anything to chance .
we were struck dumb with astonishment .
we've heard enough of your complaints .
we've seen drastic changes since then .
what contemporary authors do you like ?
what if the unthinkable should happen ?
what're you getting all excited about ?
what's all the commotion about anyway ?
what's your favorite hot weather food ?
what's your favorite item of clothing ?
where can i exchange foreign currency ?
whereabouts did you say this happened ?
which program did you watch yesterday ?
who did you visit yesterday afternoon ?
why would anybody eat pickled cabbage ?
you always want to control everything .
you are responsible for this accident .
you can watch television after dinner .
you can't believe everything you hear .
you have to overcome the difficulties .
you should follow the doctor's advice .
you should follow the doctor's orders .
you should have telephoned in advance .
you should learn to restrain yourself .
you shouldn't always follow the crowd .
you shouldn't have gone fishing today .
you shouldn't read such useless books .
you were absent from school yesterday .
you're planning something , aren't you ?
your paper contains too many mistakes .
almost everybody has already gone home .
are you finished reading the newspaper ?
are you seriously thinking about going ?
artists are highly respected in france .
can i have everyone's attention please ?
did that have any special significance ?
didn't your parents teach you anything ?
do you remember your father's birthday ?
don't believe everything that you hear .
don't judge people by their appearance .
drivers must observe the traffic rules .
everyone in the classroom was coughing .
everything in this store is overpriced .
gold had been discovered in california .
he climbed the tree without difficulty .
he couldn't adapt to new circumstances .
he explained the plan's main objective .
he has not yet recovered consciousness .
he likes drinking coffee without sugar .
he muttered something under his breath .
he prepared for his imminent departure .
he seems satisfied with my explanation .
he's always complaining about the food .
he's financially dependent on his wife .
her composition was free from mistakes .
her novel was translated into japanese .
his novel was translated into japanese .
his opinions aren't worth listening to .
his sudden appearance surprised us all .
how about playing tennis next saturday ?
i believe congratulations are in order .
i can resist everything but temptation .
i can't believe it's christmas already .
i can't believe that actually happened .
i can't believe you're getting married .
i can't change what happened yesterday .
i can't help feeling something's wrong .
i can't understand this sign's meaning .
i didn't think anything was suspicious .
i didn't understand what was happening .
i don't remember what happened anymore .
i frequently recall my happy childhood .
i have difficulty in understanding him .
i personally believe that you're right .
i really don't understand this problem .
i skipped english class this afternoon .
i suddenly realized what was happening .
i thought we'd have breakfast together .
i'm drinking water because i'm thirsty .
i'm really concerned about your future .
i'm very interested in learning french .
i've always been interested in science .
interest rates and inflation were high .
it sounds like you've tried everything .
it's difficult to answer this question .
it's difficult to evaluate his ability .
it's difficult to understand his ideas .
japanese office workers work very hard .
koalas are more popular than kangaroos .
let's discuss what happened last night .
let's forget about what happened today .
let's sing some english songs together .
lie down and make yourself comfortable .
medication and alcohol often don't mix .
minnesota's state bird is the mosquito .
modern technology gives us many things .
my mother often suffers from headaches .
my neighbor complained about the noise .
my roommate complained about the noise .
nothing is more important than empathy .
nothing would give me greater pleasure .
nowadays children do not play outdoors .
onions cook more quickly than potatoes .
organic food is usually more expensive .
people throughout the north were angry .
picasso's paintings seem strange to me .
please write your contact address here .
professor hudson is my father's friend .
recently we have had several disasters .
remember what we spoke about yesterday .
she acknowledged having made a mistake .
she apologized for having offended him .
she committed suicide by taking poison .
she deliberately exposed him to danger .
she emerged victorious in the struggle .
she has gone through many difficulties .
she is always buying expensive clothes .
she's much better today than yesterday .
she's suffering from a serious disease .
smiles do not always indicate pleasure .
stop reading comic books while working .
technology solved many of the problems .
that tv station broadcasts only movies .
that job gave him little gratification .
that market has been rapidly expanding .
that's my girlfriend you're talking to .
that's the important thing to remember .
that's the only thing that's important .
the tv program seemed very interesting .
the body was burned beyond recognition .
the committee consists of five members .
the committee consists of four members .
the current president has many enemies .
the fighting lasted about three months .
the greatest happiness lies in freedom .
the heat's preventing me from sleeping .
the mayor addressed the general public .
the noise distracted him from studying .
the policeman didn't believe the thief .
the policeman grabbed the robber's arm .
the president is difficult to approach .
the problem is not worth consideration .
the results were far from satisfactory .
the sailors abandoned the burning ship .
the soldiers had more powerful weapons .
the soldiers resisted the enemy attack .
the thief was apprehended this morning .
their lifestyle is different from ours .
there's not enough coffee for everyone .
there's someone waiting for me outside .
there's volcanic ash in the atmosphere .
these shirts are selling like hotcakes .
these two brothers resemble each other .
they are currently attending a meeting .
they began to quarrel among themselves .
they had no alternative energy sources .
they painted their house bright yellow .
they were responsible for the accident .
they were worried about getting caught .
they will debate the question tomorrow .
they're studying french and web design .
this book will awaken your imagination .
this elevator's capacity is ten people .
this is a major environmental disaster .
this painting is attributed to picasso .
this patient is suffering from hypoxia .
tom bought mary some expensive clothes .
tom couldn't believe what had happened .
tom is definitely feeling better today .
tom should have followed mary's advice .
tom shouldn't have borrowed mary's car .
tom understood exactly what mary meant .
tom will tell me everything eventually .
tom's wife doesn't know mary's husband .
ubuntu is a popular linux distribution .
viruses are much smaller than bacteria .
water freezes at 32 degrees fahrenheit .
we discussed the problem all afternoon .
we entered into a serious conversation .
we have overlooked this important fact .
we should respect each other's beliefs .
we were all drenched with perspiration .
what is the emergency telephone number ?
what prevented you from coming earlier ?
what's that picture inside your locker ?
what's your favorite color for carpets ?
worms are sometimes beneficial to soil .
you can't possibly really believe that .
you should apologize for your rudeness .
you should begin with easier questions .
you should get that sofa reupholstered .
you should think about your retirement .
you're enjoying yourselves , aren't you ?
you've lost the ability to concentrate .
absolutely nothing is permanent in life .
advertising sells products over the air .
all the hostages were released unharmed .
ants and giraffes are distant relatives .
are you having any difficulty breathing ?
are you interested in foreign languages ?
australia is smaller than south america .
bad weather prevented them from sailing .
bad weather prevented us from departing .
boys can't enter the girls' dormitories .
can you translate english into japanese ?
cats were domesticated by the egyptians .
compare your answers with the teacher's .
desperate men often do desperate things .
desperate needs lead to desperate deeds .
drastic times call for drastic measures .
everybody needs something to believe in .
exhaust from factories pollutes the air .
fortunately , no passengers were injured .
gesture is another way of communication .
have you finished knitting that sweater ?
have you finished reading the newspaper ?
have you finished the suggested reading ?
he didn't participate in the discussion .
he graduated from cambridge with honors .
he hurt himself during yesterday's game .
he likes vegetables , especially cabbage .
he looked satisfied with my explanation .
he remained steadfast to his principles .
he resented everyone's being very quiet .
he's always worrying about his daughter .
her heart was throbbing with excitement .
his prompt action prevented an epidemic .
how many symphonies did beethoven write ?
i always have trouble remembering names .
i didn't consider the subject seriously .
i don't understand what's bothering you .
i finally understand what you're saying .
i found out something interesting today .
i think there's been a misunderstanding .
i unfortunately drew a wrong conclusion .
i was confronted with many difficulties .
i'll come without fail tomorrow morning .
i'll excuse your carelessness this time .
i've already finished reading this book .
japan surpasses china in economic power .
language and culture can't be separated .
most writers are sensitive to criticism .
muslims always pray facing toward mecca .
my father quickly scanned the newspaper .
my girlfriend doesn't like scary movies .
napoleon marched his armies into russia .
nothing is more pleasant than traveling .
people often complain about the weather .
please don't leave valuable things here .
protesters tried to disrupt the meeting .
quality is more important than quantity .
scary movies will frighten the children .
she competed against many fine athletes .
she enjoys listening to classical music .
she'd never been this frightened before .
she's always complaining about the food .
she's terrified of talking to strangers .
something is wrong with this calculator .
television helps us widen our knowledge .
thank you for your detailed explanation .
the americans had very little gunpowder .
the internet has exploded in popularity .
the basket was filled with strawberries .
the boy's aggression is making problems .
the criminals have all been apprehended .
the crowd applauded for several minutes .
the engineer climbed the telephone pole .
the entire city was without electricity .
the expedition's supplies soon gave out .
the foreign minister attended the talks .
the government owed millions of dollars .
the last examination was very difficult .
the mayor's daughter has been kidnapped .
the police are investigating the murder .
the section chief accepted the proposal .
the settlers accepted the indians' help .
the speaker couldn't make himself heard .
the temperature is above freezing today .
the volcano erupts at regular intervals .
their oldest daughter isn't married yet .
there's nothing nefarious going on here .
they tapped the terrorists' phone lines .
this guy's great at pitching curveballs .
this is carrie underwood's latest album .
this machine was manufactured in france .
this medicine will soothe your headache .
those prisoners were set free yesterday .
thousands of people there were arrested .
three generations see things three ways .
tom didn't really enjoy studying french .
tom doesn't like talking about politics .
tom goes jogging almost every afternoon .
tom likes all vegetables except cabbage .
tom looked over the documents carefully .
tom seemed satisfied with mary's answer .
tom should have done things differently .
tom usually drinks coffee without sugar .
tom whispered something into mary's ear .
visitors to switzerland admire the alps .
we can't avoid postponing our departure .
we must separate politics from religion .
we'll be making an announcement shortly .
we'll make our announcement on thursday .
we're worried about grandma and grandpa .
what's your favorite piece of furniture ?
where's there a supermarket around here ?
you cannot burn anything without oxygen .
you elect your representative by voting .
you said you wanted more responsibility .
you should follow your teacher's advice .
you're taking advantage of her weakness .
your assistance is indispensable for us .
admission is free for preschool children .
americans admire lincoln for his honesty .
animals act according to their instincts .
are you having any difficulty swallowing ?
are you seriously thinking about divorce ?
attendance is compulsory for all members .
chinese characters are difficult to read .
cockfighting is banned in many countries .
cuban soldiers were guarding the streets .
does this medicine actually relieve pain ?
don't believe everything people tell you .
don't say anything unless it's important .
earthworms are a gardener's best friends .
grandmother carried the table by herself .
he decided to seek information elsewhere .
he does not understand modern technology .
he was disqualified from the competition .
he's worried about his receding hairline .
his careless driving caused the accident .
his negotiators had disobeyed his orders .
his pessimism depressed those around him .
i don't find her particularly attractive .
i like writing songs about relationships .
i passed the examination with difficulty .
i remember mailing your letter yesterday .
i watched television instead of studying .
i've already memorized your phone number .
is reprinting this article a possibility ?
learning a foreign language is difficult .
let's delay this decision until tomorrow .
let's keep this matter between ourselves .
my internet connection isn't fast enough .
please keep this information to yourself .
rear end collisions often cause whiplash .
republicans were defeated in many states .
she availed herself of every opportunity .
she continued sobbing without looking up .
she couldn't help bursting into laughter .
she has some beautiful antique furniture .
smallpox was unknown to native americans .
teenagers often argue with their parents .
that architect builds very modern houses .
the british would need strong leadership .
the allegations they made were unfounded .
the attack began without enough planning .
the building collapsed in the earthquake .
the committee consists of fifteen people .
the explorers finally reached their goal .
the minister approved the building plans .
the present government has many problems .
the problem will eventually solve itself .
the situation calls for drastic measures .
the situation changed the following year .
the strike affected the nation's economy .
there is always something happening here .
there's something wrong with my computer .
they became friends in elementary school .
they broke out into spontaneous laughter .
they're expressing their love by hugging .
this word means several different things .
tom congratulated mary on her graduation .
tom didn't clap after mary's performance .
tom restrained himself from hitting mary .
unfortunately , elephants can't sing well .
we'll leave tomorrow , weather permitting .
we're very grateful for your hospitality .
what's the weather forecast for tomorrow ?
what's your problem with straight people ?
when were potatoes introduced into japan ?
who's taking responsibility for the loss ?
yesterday it rained the entire afternoon .
you can't separate language from culture .
you shouldn't be impatient with children .
you shouldn't visit my grandfather today .
you'll find something that interests you .
you're always disagreeing with your boss .
you're not responsible for what happened .
you've bought more stamps than necessary .
your problem is you're easily distracted .
your refusal to help complicated matters .
your replacement has already been picked .
can't you understand that it's impossible ?
cockfighting is illegal in many countries .
don't forget to extinguish your cigarette .
don't interfere in other people's affairs .
everything must be handled very carefully .
farmers always complain about the weather .
generally speaking , americans like coffee .
gradually the interest rate will increase .
have you prepared everything for tomorrow ?
have you read anything interesting lately ?
he couldn't pass the entrance examination .
he drinks himself unconscious every night .
he made an important scientific discovery .
i am constantly forgetting people's names .
i find foreign languages very interesting .
it's time you stopped watching television .
japan has diplomatic relations with china .
japanese tourists can be found everywhere .
many countries have problems with poverty .
minorities are despised in many countries .
mistakes like these are easily overlooked .
most accidents happen in the neighborhood .
not all americans shared wilson's opinion .
philosophy is often regarded as difficult .
put the following sentences into japanese .
she always acts politely toward everybody .
she is a particularily interesting person .
some americans joined the communist party .
that company's stock price fell yesterday .
that store sells newspapers and magazines .
that's something that happens quite often .
the american economy suffered a recession .
the audience consisted mainly of students .
the children received shoes for christmas .
the company announced hundreds of layoffs .
the cost of living increased dramatically .
the election results were extremely close .
the explorers ventured inside the caverns .
the magician had the children's attention .
the most amazing thing happened yesterday .
the new government has financial troubles .
the opening ceremony took place yesterday .
the patient's condition changes every day .
the pickpocket disappeared into the crowd .
the police arrested the suspect yesterday .
the surviving refugees longed for freedom .
there are frequently earthquakes in japan .
there are sentences which everybody knows .
they mistook my politeness for friendship .
thunderstorms are both scary and exciting .
tom doesn't know anything about computers .
we resumed negotiations with that company .
we're getting nowhere with those problems .
were you playing tennis yesterday morning ?
who's taking responsibility for this mess ?
you really shouldn't use pirated software .
you run into japanese tourists everywhere .
a few firefighters suffered minor injuries .
an electric current can generate magnetism .
anything is infinitely better than nothing .
city life has advantages and disadvantages .
cockroaches hide themselves during the day .
equality is guaranteed by the constitution .
everyone gathered together for the picture .
generally speaking , history repeats itself .
handmade goods are very expensive nowadays .
have you eaten anywhere interesting lately ?
have you finished writing your composition ?
he's always breaking into our conversation .
her communication skills could be improved .
his knowledge of geography is insufficient .
his teaching methods are highly unorthodox .
his unusual behavior aroused our suspicion .
how's your christmas shopping coming along ?
i can't imagine living without electricity .
i deactivated my twitter account yesterday .
i really can't understand modern sculpture .
i'm economically independent of my parents .
i'm seriously considering moving to boston .
i'm the spokesperson for this organization .
imf stands for international monetary fund .
isn't anybody going to say congratulations ?
let's forget about what happened yesterday .
miraculously , nobody was seriously injured .
money doesn't necessarily make you happier .
my neighbor renovated her house completely .
my neighbor renovated his house completely .
one police officer suffered minor injuries .
only takeuchi didn't accept the invitation .
please replace the empty printer cartridge .
recent advances in medicine are remarkable .
she emphasized the importance of education .
she participates in many school activities .
shopping malls are popular among teenagers .
that's an interesting piece of information .
the federal reserve slashed interest rates .
the accident happened at that intersection .
the company's stock price jumped yesterday .
the doctor's remarks reassured the patient .
the factory uses many complicated machines .
the grownups were talking among themselves .
the lubrication system was poorly designed .
the mother separated the fighting children .
the problem will resolve itself eventually .
the schoolboys teased each other endlessly .
the sentence is not grammatically accurate .
there is no progress without communication .
they answered my questions with difficulty .
they grow strawberries in their greenhouse .
this organization cannot exist without you .
this supermarket delivers only on saturday .
those agenda items were discussed together .
tom had expected something quite different .
tom was disappointed in mary's performance .
traffic accidents are increasing in number .
true happiness consists of desiring little .
unfortunately , the information is accurate .
wearing glasses should correct your vision .
what you've done is absolutely inexcusable .
what's the tallest mountain you've climbed ?
you cannot achieve anything without effort .
americans eat special foods on thanksgiving .
biodiversity continues to decline each year .
could you please briefly introduce yourself ?
creditors have better memories than debtors .
factory waste sometimes pollutes our rivers .
he couldn't concentrate on the conversation .
he has completely avoided being sentimental .
his incompetence began to irritate everyone .
let's do something different this afternoon .
most americans agreed with president wilson .
my father graduated from harvard university .
remove the chicken's giblets before cooking .
the accident resulted from his carelessness .
the earthquake triggered a powerful tsunami .
the police searched the premises thoroughly .
the rumor was completely without foundation .
their friendship gradually turned into love .
there's no entertainment in the countryside .
they attempted to assassinate the president .
we should probably postpone the competition .
we studied the government's economic policy .
with great power comes great responsibility .
you really expressed yourself quite clearly .
adolescents often quarrel with their parents .
alcohol consumption is increasing every year .
doctors have discovered some startling facts .
earthquakes and floods are natural disasters .
economic development is important for africa .
english has become an international language .
everyone could easily see his disappointment .
he behaves respectfully toward his superiors .
her pregnancy was fraught with complications .
i admire your perseverance and determination .
most americans are descended from immigrants .
musicians are usually sensitive to criticism .
our cities create serious pollution problems .
our company supports several cultural events .
please translate this sentence into japanese .
sometimes water becomes a precious commodity .
the colombian government demanded more money .
the country's economy depends on agriculture .
the government must make fundamental changes .
the resistance movement has gone underground .
the soldiers decimated the unruly population .
the volcanic eruption threatened the village .
their habitat is threatened by deforestation .
this school supplies students with textbooks .
who's taking responsibility for this problem ?
are they now available throughout switzerland ?
canada has thirteen provinces and territories .
catching cancer early increases survival odds .
columbus' discovery of america was accidental .
i've already rescheduled my appointment twice .
parents provide protection for their children .
people are protesting against nuclear weapons .
roosevelt and willkie discussed the situation .
she sympathized with those unfortunate people .
she's very susceptible to hypnotic suggestion .
the princess was beautiful beyond description .
you should stretch properly before exercising .
cloning people raises serious ethical problems .
every privilege carries responsibility with it .
happiness isn't merely having many possessions .
what's your favorite free software application ?
can computers actually translate literary works ?
european currencies weakened against the dollar .
hackers break into computers without permission .
he regularly trains with bodybuilding equipment .
she celebrated her fifteenth birthday yesterday .
the earliest civilizations arose in mesopotamia .
the questionnaire form was distributed properly .
many countries have abolished capital punishment .
pregnant women often experience morning sickness .
that psychiatrist specialized in eating disorders .
carbon monoxide poisoning can cause hallucinations .
parents should monitor their children's activities .
the world's rainforests are currently disappearing .
complaining about something doesn't change anything .
parents should monitor their children's whereabouts .
an undercover operative infiltrated the organization .
insurance policies don't cover preexisting conditions .
prisons are euphemistically called rehabilitation centers .
i like r & b .
can i see , too ?
he saw it , too .
he's an ex - con .
i am a shy boy .
i am in a spot .
i had to do it .
i owe him $ 100 .
i saw it on tv .
yes , i know it .
yes , we can go .
come on , get up .
do i have to go ?
he has a hat on .
he is a bad boy .
hi ! how are you ?
how about 12 : 45 ?
i am a good boy .
i can do it now .
i do that a lot .
i get up at six .
i got rid of it .
i lay on my bed .
i lent him a cd .
i owe you a lot .
i saw him do it .
i think so , too .
i want one , too .
i want to do it .
i will go at 10 .
i work at a zoo .
may i go to bed ?
may i try it on ?
no , i didn't go .
put a lid on it !
5 is less than 8 .
a deal is a deal .
at last , he came .
can i go to work ?
come on , grow up .
come on , tell me .
come on , wake up .
do as i tell you .
do as i told you .
do you eat a lot ?
do you own a gun ?
he ate all of it .
he gave it to me .
he gave me a hug .
he got a new job .
he has no hat on .
he is a kind boy .
he is just a kid .
he is well - liked .
he made me do it .
he was deaf , too .
hi ! i'm new here .
how do you do it ?
i am a bit drunk .
i am on duty now .
i am out of time .
i am out of work .
i ate on the bus .
i did it for him .
i did it for you .
i do have a plan .
i drink tea , too .
i gave tom a hug .
i gave up my job .
i go to the park .
i got her a doll .
i had a hard day .
i had to be sure .
i had to go back .
i had to see you .
i have a big dog .
i have a red car .
i have to go now .
i heard it on tv .
i just got a job .
i know he did it .
i lay on my face .
i let the cat in .
i like what i do .
i love what i do .
i love you a lot .
i made him do so .
i may be too old .
i miss her a lot .
i need all of it .
i owe him a debt .
i owe you a beer .
i pay my own way .
i ran out of gas .
i saw him go out .
i used to be fat .
i want a pen pal .
i want to see it .
i want to try it .
i want us to win .
i want you to go .
i was in all day .
i was sure of it .
i work in a bank .
i work on a farm .
if not now , when ?
is this 223 - 1374 ?
it was a big one .
just a moment . . .
just do as i say .
let go of my arm !
let me do my job .
may i open a can ?
no pain , no gain !
oh no , not again !
oh , i'm so sorry .
she is mad at me .
she is on a diet .
sorry , i am late .
spit it out , tom .
tom is mad at us .
we had a bad day .
well , here we go .
what is he up to ?
what was i to do ?
will you go , too ?
you blew it , tom .
a dog bit her leg .
am i a bad person ?
am i going to die ?
am i the only one ?
are you up for it ?
can i ask why not ?
can i come in now ?
can i go home now ?
can i rely on you ?
can i talk to you ?
can i try this on ?
come on , trust me .
did i do all that ?
did i wake you up ?
do we have a deal ?
do you have a bag ?
do you have a car ?
do you have a dog ?
do you have a pen ?
do you have a pet ?
do you have a son ?
do you mean to go ?
do you need a bag ?
do you see a rose ?
do you see a star ?
do you want a cab ?
do you want a car ?
do you want a job ?
do you want to go ?
do you wish to go ?
fry an egg for me .
get out of my bed .
get out of my car .
get out of my way .
get up out of bed .
go away . i'm busy .
have a drink , tom .
he came to see me .
he did a good job .
he gave her a box .
he gave me a cold .
he gave me a hint .
he got me a watch .
he had a new idea .
he had no coat on .
he has a few pens .
he has a huge ego .
he is a big eater .
he is a born poet .
he is a brave man .
he is a quiet man .
he is an evil man .
he is at his desk .
he is just my age .
he is not so tall .
he is on the team .
he lay on the bed .
he made me a cake .
he made me a suit .
he sat on the bed .
he took a day off .
he was a bit late .
he was a tall man .
hey , this is nice .
his car is a ford .
honey , i love you .
how did you do it ?
how do we do that ?
how do we find it ?
how do we stop it ?
how does he do it ?
how far did it go ?
how old is he now ?
i agreed to do it .
i am 18 years old .
i am 19 years old .
i am a bad person .
i am a cat person .
i am afraid to go .
i am going to bed .
i am good at math .
i am in the house .
i am in your debt .
i am not like you .
i am ready to die .
i am the same age .
i beg you to stay .
i can drive a car .
i did a bad thing .
i did a lot today .
i did all i could .
i did it just now .
i did you a favor .
i do all the work .
i do not feel sad .
i found a way out .
i found him a job .
i gave him a call .
i gave you a book .
i got a bee sting .
i got a flat tire .
i got it for free .
i got my hair cut .
i had a bad dream .
i had a good idea .
i had a rough day .
i had fun with it .
i had stuff to do .
i hate to do this .
i have a bad cold .
i have a cut here .
i have an old car .
i have to do this .
i have to go back .
i have to go home .
i hope to see you .
i knew who did it .
i knew who he was .
i know he is busy .
i know how to fly .
i know how to ski .
i know how to win .
i know it was you .
i know it's a lie .
i know what i did .
i know what to do .
i know who did it .
i know you did it .
i left you a note .
i let the dog out .
i like it so much .
i like to be here .
i like what i see .
i live in a hotel .
i lost my car key .
i love all of you .
i love music , too .
i love my new job .
i made fun of him .
i mean what i say .
i need to do this .
i need to go home .
i owe him my life .
i owe you a favor .
i owe you a lunch .
i owe you my life .
i owe you so much .
i ran into a deer .
i ran into a tree .
i said i liked it .
i said it in jest .
i sat by his side .
i sat next to tom .
i seem to be lost .
i sure do hope so .
i think he did it .
i think we did ok .
i took a week off .
i want a lot more .
i want to be safe .
i want to do this .
i want to do well .
i want to see him .
i want to see you .
i want you to die .
i was going to go .
i was on my knees .
i was out all day .
i went to the zoo .
i will do my best .
i will go on foot .
i'd be angry , too .
i'd love to do it .
i'm as old as you .
i'm glad i did it .
i'm not in a rush .
is tom there , too ?
is he nice to her ?
is one of you tom ?
it has to be done .
it was a bad idea .
it was a good day .
it was a warm day .
it's a no - brainer .
keep an eye on it .
let go of my arms .
let go of my hair .
let go of my hand .
let me finish , ok ?
let me have a try .
let me pay for it .
let us do our job .
long time , no see .
look , i know that .
may i go home now ?
may i go with him ?
may i go with you ?
may i put it here ?
may i take a rest ?
may i talk to you ?
my hair is a mess .
my room is a mess .
no music , no life .
no , i didn't help .
ok , i'll order it .
put it on my bill .
she gave it to me .
she is mad at you .
she is not up yet .
she is thirty - one .
sorry , i was busy .
the sun is a star .
this is how it is .
this one is on me .
tom is a good man .
tom is an old man .
tom is not a hero .
tom put on a coat .
tom , are you okay ?
use it or lose it .
watch how i do it .
we can both do it .
we got up at dawn .
we have a big dog .
we miss you a lot .
we ran out of gas .
what a fool i was !
what do we do now ?
what is it you do ?
what was he up to ?
why am i so tired ?
why did i do that ?
why did i do this ?
why did you do it ?
why must we do it ?
why not try it on ?
you are a bit fat .
you are in my way .
you did well , tom .
you may go in now .
you owe me a beer .
a cat has two ears .
all of us like her .
all of us stood up .
are we ready to go ?
are you going , too ?
are you in a hurry ?
are you sure of it ?
buy low , sell high .
can i count on you ?
can i get a pillow ?
can i go there now ?
can i say it aloud ?
can i see that one ?
can i sit with you ?
can i speak to you ?
can i take a break ?
can i use your pen ?
can he do this job ?
can we have a talk ?
can you pick it up ?
come and sit by me .
come back in a day .
come on , try again .
did i get it right ?
did i just do that ?
did i say it wrong ?
did i say too much ?
did you find a job ?
do i have a choice ?
do i have it right ?
do i have to study ?
do i need a reason ?
do as he tells you .
do come if you can !
do you have a blog ?
do you have a coin ?
do you have a copy ?
do you have a plan ?
do you have any id ?
do you like it all ?
do you need a lift ?
do you need a ride ?
do you want a ride ?
does he have a dog ?
does it hurt a lot ?
don't be a bad boy .
easy come , easy go .
fill it up , please .
get in the car now .
get it out of here .
get me out of here .
get me up at eight .
get out if you can .
get out of my life !
get out of my room !
get out of my seat .
get out of the car .
get out of the van .
get out of the way .
get real , will you ?
get rid of the gun .
get the kid to bed .
get us out of here .
give it back to me !
give me half of it .
go and wake tom up .
go and wake her up .
go back to the lab .
he called me a cab .
he came out on top .
he can drive a car .
he can swim a mile .
he died in his bed .
he found me a taxi .
he gave her a book .
he gave him a book .
he gave me a watch .
he got ahead of me .
he got off the bus .
he had fun with it .
he had to go there .
he has a big mouth .
he has a big truck .
he has a long nose .
he has his own car .
he is a bad driver .
he is a bad person .
he is a bank clerk .
he is a clever boy .
he is a good loser .
he is a slim child .
he is about my age .
he is about to die .
he is all but dead .
he is on the radio .
he is only a child .
he is sharp - witted .
he is still in bed .
he is sure to come .
he is thick - headed .
he is well off now .
he kept his hat on .
he lay on his back .
he lied to my face .
he owes me a favor .
he sat next to her .
he seems to be ill .
he showed it to me .
he took a big risk .
he wants a new car .
he was a good king .
he went out to eat .
he's not a bad boy .
he's not a bad guy .
he's not one of us .
he's one of a kind .
hello , how are you ?
help is on its way .
help me if you can .
here , have a drink .
here , look at this .
hey , open the door .
his play was a hit .
how big will it be ?
how can i help you ?
how can i prove it ?
how can it be done ?
how can you fix it ?
how did i get here ?
how did he do this ?
how did he find us ?
how did we do that ?
how did you get in ?
how do i thank you ?
how do you do that ?
how do you do this ?
how does she do it ?
how may i help you ?
how old is this tv ?
i am a new student .
i am an only child .
i am doing my best .
i am fond of music .
i am in deep water .
i am in the garden .
i am just a nobody .
i am not a teacher .
i am not ready yet .
i am not too tired .
i am sorry for you .
i asked who he was .
i baked it for you .
i beat him at golf .
i bought a new bag .
i bought a new car .
i bought a red tie .
i bought him a tie .
i came to kill him .
i can do it myself .
i can go next week .
i can help you out .
i can ride a horse .
i can see that now .
i can wait for you .
i can't let you go .
i can't see my dad .
i can't wait to go .
i could be of help .
i did all the work .
i did it like this .
i did this for you .
i did what i could .
i did write to him .
i do what i'm told .
i don't have a car .
i don't have a cat .
i don't have a dog .
i don't have a gun .
i don't have a key .
i don't mind a bit .
i don't need a bed .
i don't need a gun .
i don't need a nap .
i don't want to go .
i doubt if it will .
i eat in the house .
i envy you so much .
i feel bad for her .
i feel like a fool .
i feel like a rest .
i fell in the pool .
i gave you my word .
i give you my word .
i had a good coach .
i had a good sleep .
i had a great time .
i had a late lunch .
i had an awful day .
i had him write it .
i had loads of fun .
i had things to do .
i had to accept it .
i had to lie again .
i had to walk home .
i handed him a map .
i hate all of them .
i have a black eye .
i have a dry cough .
i have a fish tank .
i have a glass eye .
i have a pain here .
i have lost my key .
i have lost my pen .
i have my own room .
i have to dress up .
i have to find tom .
i have to find her .
i have to know now .
i have to know why .
i have to meet him .
i have to paint it .
i have to warn him .
i heard him go out .
i hope tom has fun .
i hope tom is safe .
i jog twice a week .
i just got a raise .
i just got an idea .
i just want to cry .
i just want to die .
i kind of like you .
i know all of them .
i know him by name .
i know it by heart .
i know what i like .
i know what i'd do .
i know what to say .
i know who you are .
i know you love me .
i lay down to rest .
i lead a busy life .
i left my bag here .
i let you catch me .
i like all of them .
i like it that way .
i like to be early .
i like to think so .
i like to watch tv .
i live in the city .
i lost my car keys .
i love both of you .
i made a few calls .
i made a pot roast .
i made her a dress .
i mean you no harm .
i met an old woman .
i met him just now .
i miss her so much .
i miss you so much .
i must find my key .
i need a mouse pad .
i need to be alone .
i need to go there .
i need to know now .
i only did my duty .
i owe you a dinner .
i put my helmet on .
i ran to my mother .
i run a tight ship .
i said he could go .
i saw him just now .
i saw the man jump .
i saw what you did .
i saw you with tom .
i should go to bed .
i sleep in my room .
i sleep on my side .
i slept on the bus .
i sort of like him .
i still want to go .
i think i did well .
i think tom did it .
i think tom is old .
i think tom is sad .
i think you did it .
i tried not to cry .
i use it every day .
i want a low table .
i want a new dress .
i want my job back .
i want my key back .
i want to be heard .
i want to die soon .
i want to enjoy it .
i want to go there .
i want to have fun .
i want to hold you .
i want to join you .
i want to keep one .
i want to kiss tom .
i want to know now .
i want to know why .
i want to see more .
i want to see them .
i want to see this .
i want to sit down .
i want to talk now .
i want to tell you .
i want to warn you .
i want you to sing .
i want you to stop .
i want you to talk .
i wanted to say no .
i was able to knit .
i was at home then .
i was at the party .
i was born in 1960 .
i was born in 1972 .
i was born in 1979 .
i was busy all day .
i was forced to go .
i was on the phone .
i was the only man .
i went to the shop .
i will go on ahead .
i will wait a week .
i wish i were rich .
i wish i'd met her .
i worked on a farm .
i'd better go , too .
i'll buy a new one .
i'll get rid of it .
i'll give it a try .
i'll go get my car .
i'm as tall as tom .
i'm here , aren't i ?
i'm late , aren't i ?
i'm not good at it .
i'm ready now , tom .
is tom able to eat ?
is tom at home now ?
is tom on the boat ?
is it all paid for ?
is she coming , too ?
it can not be true .
it could be a trap .
it is a long story .
it is too long ago .
it was a bad movie .
it was all so easy .
it was kind of fun .
it was only a joke .
it was pitch - black .
it was sort of fun .
it was worth a try .
it's got to be now .
it's him , isn't it ?
it's his , isn't it ?
it's sad , but true .
just do what i did .
just do what i say .
just say yes or no .
keep an eye on him .
keep out of my way .
let tom do his job .
let go of the rope .
let me go with you .
let me grab my bag .
let us out of here .
listen , all of you .
make love , not war .
may i have the key ?
may i open the box ?
may i pay by check ?
may i run with you ?
may i speak to you ?
may i watch tv now ?
mind if i join you ?
move out of my way .
my car is a toyota .
my nose is too big .
no one can do that .
no one can hear us .
no one can help me .
no one can help us .
no one can stop me .
no one is at fault .
now i'm used to it .
oh ! that's too bad .
pray for all of us .
she came to my aid .
she came to see me .
she did a good job .
she gave it to him .
she gave me a doll .
she is a kind girl .
she is a poor cook .
she is going on 35 .
she is pigeon - toed .
she left me a note .
she made him do it .
she made me a cake .
she made me a star .
she put on her hat .
she sat next to me .
she was a bit late .
she was in a hurry .
so how mad are you ?
some of us hate it .
stay out of my way !
stop me if you can .
take a sip of this .
take her to the or .
tell me what to do .
thank you , my dear .
that is good to me .
that is not my pen .
the car hit a tree .
the law is the law .
the men go to work .
the only way is up .
they gave it to me .
they made me do it .
this is a big deal .
this is a big help .
this is a bus stop .
this is a road map .
this is all i know .
this is all i want .
this is how i feel .
this is not a game .
this is not a trap .
this is not for me .
this is not my car .
this is not so fun .
time is on my side .
tom could be a spy .
tom did a good job .
tom got in the car .
tom has a big nose .
tom has a blue car .
tom has to act now .
tom has to go home .
tom hit a home run .
tom is a bad coach .
tom is a good cook .
tom is a great guy .
tom is a grown man .
tom is in the park .
tom is now in jail .
tom is on the roof .
tom knows who i am .
tom sang me a song .
tom took a day off .
tom was a good guy .
tom was sure of it .
tom won a free car .
tom , are you awake ?
try not to be late .
was it all a dream ?
we all cried a lot .
we can't do it now .
we do not know her .
we had fun with it .
we have lots to do .
we have more to do .
we love what we do .
we made sure of it .
we ran in the park .
we ran out of food .
we swam in the sea .
we took a mud bath .
we want to be fair .
we want to hear it .
we went for a walk .
we went to a movie .
what a lot of pens !
what are you up to ?
what can i get you ?
what did i just do ?
what do i call you ?
what is it made of ?
when can i move in ?
when did i do that ?
when do you use it ?
where did i put it ?
where did he do it ?
where do i go then ?
where do we go now ?
why are you so mad ?
why are you so sad ?
why come to me now ?
why did you buy it ?
why do i even care ?
why do you hate me ?
why do you like it ?
why do you need it ?
why is he so quiet ?
why not live it up ?
why would i be mad ?
will i have a scar ?
you are a good boy .
you are free to go .
you can rely on me .
you get used to it .
you had a long day .
you have to get up .
you know how it is .
you may go at once .
you may use my car .
you need to fix it .
you need to let go .
you owe me a favor .
you were in a coma .
a dog has four legs .
a nap would be good .
a noise woke her up .
a truck hit the dog .
a whale is a mammal .
all i have is books .
all i want is money .
all is well with me .
all of us are happy .
all you do is party .
am i going too fast ?
are you lying to me ?
are you proud of me ?
are you ready to go ?
ask tom to be quiet .
be polite , but firm .
best of luck to you .
call if you need me .
can i call you back ?
can i do this later ?
can i have some tea ?
can i see you again ?
can i talk with you ?
can i use this bike ?
can we just drop it ?
can we just go home ?
can you drive a car ?
can you tell me how ?
catch me if you can .
did i have a choice ?
did i just say that ?
did i lock the door ?
did i make the team ?
did i mess up again ?
did i miss the turn ?
did i pass the test ?
did i show you this ?
did i tell you that ?
did i touch a nerve ?
did i wake you guys ?
did you ask tom why ?
did you do all this ?
did you give him up ?
did you hear it too ?
did you leave a tip ?
did you read it all ?
did you take a bath ?
do i curse too much ?
do exactly as i say .
do we have a choice ?
do you go to church ?
do you have a fever ?
do you have a hobby ?
do you have a house ?
do you have a match ?
do you have a phone ?
do you have any cds ?
do you have to stay ?
do you know my name ?
do you know the way ?
do you like it then ?
do you like to sing ?
do you share a room ?
do you travel a lot ?
do you want to pray ?
do you want to stay ?
do you want to stop ?
do you want to talk ?
does tom have a job ?
don't go in my room .
don't make me do it .
excuse me , i'm lost .
get tom to help you .
get out of here now !
get out of my chair .
get out of my house .
get out of my sight .
give it back to her .
give it back to him .
give me back my hat .
give my back my bag .
go and wake mary up .
go jump in the lake .
go to your room now !
have i lost my mind ?
have a beer with me .
have a piece of pie .
have you got it yet ?
he asked for a beer .
he bought a new car .
he bought her a dog .
he called me a taxi .
he came home at ten .
he came to my house .
he can be relied on .
he can help you out .
he can play a flute .
he caught a big one .
he died a sad death .
he does not like us .
he dropped in on me .
he felt ill at ease .
he flew into a rage .
he gave a deep sigh .
he gave me an apple .
he gave me his word .
he got on the train .
he had fun with her .
he had his hair cut .
he has a funny name .
he has a loud voice .
he has a nose bleed .
he has a round face .
he has a square jaw .
he has gone too far .
he has his own room .
he is a born artist .
he is a fast runner .
he is a good doctor .
he is a good singer .
he is a good writer .
he is a hard worker .
he is a jealous man .
he is a lazy fellow .
he is a learned man .
he is a nice person .
he is a rude person .
he is about my size .
he is an honest man .
he is apt to forget .
he is at his office .
he is at home today .
he is at the office .
he is far from rich .
he is good at rugby .
he is my old friend .
he is over 80 kilos .
he is ready to work .
he is taking a walk .
he is tall and lean .
he is telling a lie .
he is washing a car .
he is wearing a hat .
he laid on his back .
he lays on his back .
he left a while ago .
he left me the keys .
he lives in his car .
he looks like a bug .
he made up his mind .
he may have said so .
he may not be happy .
he ran out of money .
he really got to me .
he refused to do so .
he runs a shoe shop .
he said he was poor .
he sat on the bench .
he seemed to be ill .
he seems to be rich .
he seems to be sick .
he seems to know us .
he set off to paris .
he slept in the car .
he stuck to his job .
he told me about it .
he took off his hat .
he used to love her .
he wants that a lot .
he wants to kill me .
he was born in ohio .
he was the only man .
he was wet all over .
he went on doing it .
he won a gold medal .
he would not go out .
he's in for a shock .
he's too old for me .
her son is a genius .
hey , you're not tom .
his dog barks at me .
his son is a genius .
how about i do that ?
how big is the team ?
how can i repay you ?
how deep is it here ?
how did i miss this ?
how did it get here ?
how did the exam go ?
how did you do that ?
how did you do this ?
how did you find me ?
how did you find us ?
how did you like it ?
how did you lose it ?
how did you make it ?
how do we know that ?
how do you feel now ?
how do you say that ?
how does he do this ?
how does it help us ?
how else can he act ?
how long do we have ?
how may i serve you ?
how much did i lose ?
how old are you now ?
how old is that dog ?
how old is this zoo ?
how old is your son ?
hurry up and get in .
i also love to cook .
i am a fast swimmer .
i am afraid of dogs .
i am bored to death .
i am engaged to her .
i am fond of skiing .
i am free from care .
i am going to sleep .
i am going to study .
i am in charge here .
i am like my mother .
i am not your enemy .
i am off duty today .
i am older than him .
i am poor at tennis .
i am reading a book .
i am right for once .
i am short of money .
i am the chosen one .
i ate a light lunch .
i beat him at chess .
i bet you know this .
i bought a vip pass .
i bought you a gift .
i broke up with her .
i broke up with him .
i built a new house .
i can barely see it .
i can come at three .
i can keep a secret .
i can peel an apple .
i can see the light .
i can't do any more .
i can't do it alone .
i can't do it today .
i can't do that now .
i can't draw a bird .
i can't drive a bus .
i can't find my bag .
i can't find my key .
i can't give up now .
i can't go in there .
i can't go with you .
i can't hear a word .
i can't see a thing .
i can't swim at all .
i can't talk to tom .
i can't wait to die .
i could use a drink .
i decided not to go .
i did it many times .
i did no such thing .
i did not know this .
i did that ages ago .
i did that one time .
i didn't have a key .
i didn't have to go .
i do agree with tom .
i do not deserve it .
i do not fear death .
i do not like music .
i do not read books .
i do not sleep well .
i don't go out much .
i don't have a clue .
i don't have a home .
i don't have a plan .
i don't have a suit .
i don't like my job .
i don't mind at all .
i don't need a ride .
i don't need it now .
i don't see why not .
i don't sleep a lot .
i don't want to die .
i eat with my hands .
i feel a lot better .
i feel bad about it .
i feel bad for them .
i feel kind of sick .
i feel like a drink .
i feel the same way .
i felt out of place .
i felt the same way .
i finally got a job .
i forgot to ask tom .
i forgot to ask him .
i gave him the book .
i got a weird email .
i got that from tom .
i got up about five .
i got what i needed .
i got you a present .
i guess i was lucky .
i guess i was wrong .
i had a light lunch .
i had a little help .
i had a weird dream .
i hate that so much .
i hate to eat alone .
i have a chest pain .
i have a high fever .
i have a pretty dog .
i have a runny nose .
i have but one wish .
i have lost the key .
i have lots of time .
i have only one pen .
i have to find that .
i have to leave now .
i have to leave you .
i have to stay here .
i have to warn them .
i hear with my ears .
i hid behind a tree .
i hope i don't lose .
i hope he sees this .
i hope he will come .
i hope to marry her .
i just brewed a pot .
i just don't buy it .
i just don't get it .
i just feel so lost .
i just got off duty .
i just got the news .
i just saw the news .
i just want to help .
i just want to read .
i just want to rest .
i just want to talk .
i kind of messed up .
i knew it was right .
i knew that was tom .
i knew you'd be mad .
i know tom is smart .
i know a few things .
i know all about it .
i know both of them .
i know how you feel .
i know it very well .
i know none of them .
i know this is hard .
i know this is true .
i know what i'll do .
i know what that is .
i know what this is .
i know what you did .
i know where she is .
i know where we are .
i know you are rich .
i know you did that .
i know you did this .
i know you feel bad .
i know you feel sad .
i know you love tom .
i know you miss tom .
i leave that to you .
i let the team down .
i like boston a lot .
i like english , too .
i like each of them .
i like it very much .
i like to play golf .
i like what you did .
i like where i live .
i live in kyoto now .
i live in the house .
i love to eat cakes .
i love to play golf .
i love you the most .
i made a phone call .
i made sure of that .
i make my own rules .
i managed to get in .
i may not have time .
i meant what i said .
i meant you no harm .
i met her by chance .
i met him by chance .
i must be going now .
i must get it fixed .
i must have lost it .
i must look a sight .
i need a heavy coat .
i need lots of time .
i need the car keys .
i need to repay her .
i need to sleep now .
i never lied to you .
i never make my bed .
i often call on him .
i only saw him once .
i only think of you .
i quit after a week .
i ran like the wind .
i ran out of breath .
i really have to go .
i really need a hug .
i really need to go .
i said i'd be there .
i saw her last week .
i see her every day .
i see what you mean .
i see you are ready .
i sent you an email .
i sprang out of bed .
i stared at the man .
i still have to try .
i stole it from tom .
i think i'm in love .
i think tom is dead .
i think tom is hurt .
i think tom is sick .
i think he is angry .
i think he is right .
i think he likes me .
i think she is sick .
i think they saw me .
i think they saw us .
i think we found it .
i think we lost tom .
i think we'll be ok .
i think you like me .
i told you to leave .
i took care of that .
i took my shoes off .
i tried to help her .
i tried to help him .
i tried to run fast .
i tried to save him .
i tried to save you .
i tried to tell you .
i tried to warn you .
i used to love that .
i used to play here .
i wanna go to japan .
i wanna quit my job .
i want him to leave .
i want more of that .
i want my life back .
i want to eat steak .
i want to go abroad .
i want to hear more .
i want to hear this .
i want to keep that .
i want to learn how .
i want to live here .
i want to move away .
i want to speak now .
i want to start now .
i want to thank you .
i want to trust you .
i wanted to see tom .
i wanted you to win .
i was all by myself .
i was aware of that .
i was born in kyoto .
i was born in osaka .
i was going to work .
i was happy for him .
i was like you once .
i wasn't in a hurry .
i went to bed early .
i will be back soon .
i will hit the sack .
i will miss you all .
i will not help you .
i will try it again .
i wish i could swim .
i wish i were young .
i wish tom the best .
i wish tom was here .
i wish you the same .
i won't do it again .
i won't let you die .
i wonder who she is .
i would do it again .
i would like a room .
i'd help if i could .
i'd like a city map .
i'd like to do more .
i'd like to do that .
i'd like to go home .
i'd like to see her .
i'll be back at ten .
i'll be back by six .
i'll be out of town .
i'll buy you a beer .
i'll call you a cab .
i'll do it with you .
i'll get used to it .
i'll give him a pen .
i'll give it a shot .
i'll give it to you .
i'll go in a minute .
i'll lend it to you .
i'll pay my own way .
i'm a beginner , too .
i'm about to go out .
i'm doing all i can .
i'm fed up with her .
i'm fed up with him .
i'm fine , thank you .
i'm glad to be here .
i'm glad to see you .
i'm glad we saw tom .
i'm going on a trip .
i'm going to go now .
i'm kind of a loner .
i'm not a bit tired .
i'm not a good liar .
i'm not at all busy .
i'm not going to go .
i'm not in any pain .
i'm not in the mood .
i'm not one of them .
i'm not proud of it .
i'm on the way home .
i'm proud of my dad .
i'm proud of my son .
i'm ready to go now .
i'm right , aren't i ?
i'm so proud of you .
i'm so sick of this .
i'm sorry . i forgot .
i'm stuck in my job .
i'm too old for tom .
i'm too old for her .
i'm too old for you .
i'm used to tom now .
i've got a new bike .
i've got to do this .
i've got to see you .
is any of this true ?
is he looking at me ?
is it far from here ?
is it time you need ?
is that all of them ?
is that all we need ?
is that one of ours ?
is this all of them ?
is this all they do ?
is this all we need ?
it bothers me a lot .
it did not come off .
it did not end well .
it is a little cold .
it is going to snow .
it looks like a ufo .
it may well be true .
it was a busy night .
it was a dark night .
it was a great trip .
it was a nice party .
it was a nice story .
it was all worth it .
it was fine all day .
it was hard as rock .
it was just a dream .
it was just a fling .
it was just a hunch .
it was like a dream .
it was not my fault .
it was only a dream .
it was the only way .
it's a brain - teaser .
it's all a big joke .
it's all new for me .
it's as cold as ice .
it's mine , not hers .
it's not a big deal .
it's time to get up .
just give it a shot .
keep me in the loop .
kids can be so mean .
lay it on the table .
let me pay my share .
let me win for once .
let's call it a day .
let's give it a try .
let's go out to eat .
let's go to a movie .
life is not all fun .
look , i'll show you .
love is not a crime .
may i ask your name ?
may i be of service ?
may i eat that cake ?
may i eat this cake ?
may i set the table ?
may i take a shower ?
may i use the phone ?
maybe we can fix it .
move out of the way .
must i write in ink ?
my dad will kill me .
my dog needs a walk .
my hair is too long .
my home is far away .
my mom will kill me .
my room number is 5 .
my sister has a job .
no more can be said .
no one ate the cake .
no one came up here .
no one can help you .
no one could see us .
no one will help us .
no one will miss me .
no one will stop us .
no , that's not true .
none of us like tom .
now is not the time .
of course i will go .
one of you is lying .
rome is an old city .
see you in two days .
shall we go and eat ?
she baked me a cake .
she came near to me .
she came out on top .
she can drive a car .
she gave him a book .
she gave me a watch .
she got in the taxi .
she had gone to bed .
she has a long nose .
she has faults , too .
she is a bad person .
she is about my age .
she is bad - mannered .
she is dark - skinned .
she is fond of cake .
she is good - natured .
she is hard at work .
she is hard on them .
she is just a child .
she is not here yet .
she is not to blame .
she is still a girl .
she likes all of us .
she sat next to him .
she told him a joke .
she wants a new hat .
she works in a bank .
she's in a bad mood .
sing a song with me .
so what else is new ?
stay out of my room .
stop , or i'll shoot .
take a look at this .
take my word for it .
tell tom to shut up .
tell him i'm not in .
tell me if it hurts .
tell me where he is .
that guy is a crook .
that is a good idea .
that is not a tiger .
that is not my line .
that's a no - brainer .
that's all i can do .
that's how i did it .
that's how i see it .
that's why i did it .
the boy bowed to me .
the cat is not dead .
the cup has a crack .
the dog bit my hand .
the dog bit the man .
the idea is not bad .
the idea is not new .
the man took my arm .
the room is too big .
there's a lot to do .
they did a good job .
they made fun of me .
this cd is my son's .
this guy is a crook .
this guy is a loser .
this is a good deal .
this is all for you .
this is an old book .
this is kind of fun .
this is my city now .
this is my old bike .
this is not a tiger .
this is so much fun .
this is what i want .
this may hurt a bit .
tom can drive a car .
tom forced me to go .
tom had a rough day .
tom has a bald spot .
tom has a big house .
tom has a big mouth .
tom has a white dog .
tom helped us a lot .
tom is a con artist .
tom is back in town .
tom is good at math .
tom is not a member .
tom is on the phone .
tom isn't a bad boy .
tom isn't a bad guy .
tom kept his hat on .
tom owes us a favor .
tom paid for it all .
tom plays in a band .
tom said it was fun .
tom said to ask you .
tom sat at his desk .
tom took a bad fall .
tom's fat , isn't he ?
try to do your best .
try to keep it down .
use this as a model .
wake me up at eight .
wake me up at seven .
was it all worth it ?
waste not , want not .
we are all born mad .
we are in a library .
we can hide in here .
we cut off the rope .
we don't have to go .
we had a huge fight .
we had a rough time .
we had an oral exam .
we have seen no one .
we have to warn him .
we lay on the grass .
we love you so much .
we made a good team .
we make a good team .
we may need it soon .
we mean you no harm .
we must do it again .
we must not be late .
we must pay the tax .
we need to help tom .
we ran out of money .
we swam in the lake .
we took a long walk .
we want out of here .
we want to help tom .
we will do our best .
we're not on a date .
well ? will you come ?
what can i tell tom ?
what can i tell you ?
what did i do wrong ?
what did i just say ?
what did i tell you ?
what did he not buy ?
what do we call you ?
what made her do so ?
what on earth is it ?
what time is it now ?
when can i call you ?
when did i say that ?
when did you buy it ?
when did you get up ?
who did this to you ?
who did you go with ?
who did you talk to ?
who do you work for ?
who is in the house ?
who is in this room ?
who is on the train ?
who sent this to us ?
why am i doing this ?
why are you all sad ?
why are you with me ?
why can't i do that ?
why can't i see you ?
why can't you do it ?
why did i trust you ?
why did tom do that ?
why did tom want it ?
why did he run away ?
why did she do that ?
why did you call me ?
why did you do that ?
why did you kiss me ?
why did you like it ?
why do you say that ?
why do you think so ?
why don't we all go ?
why is the light on ?
why is the sky blue ?
why not let tom try ?
will you go with us ?
you are a good cook .
you are such a liar !
you asked to see me .
you can not miss it .
you can rely on him .
you can sing a song .
you guys are no fun .
you have a big nose .
you knew i was here .
you know i love you !
you know who i mean .
you know why i left .
you look like a boy .
you look like a cop .
you look like a kid .
you may come in now .
you may not like it .
you may rely on him .
you must be in love .
you must not say it .
you need to do this .
you need to grow up .
you need to help me .
you need to move on .
you need to wake up .
you owe me big time .
you ran a red light .
you see what i mean ?
you were right , too .
a cat has nine lives .
a horse is an animal .
a man must be honest .
add more water to it .
all my stuff is here .
all we need is water .
am i wasting my time ?
are they coming , too ?
are you able to swim ?
are you able to type ?
are you afraid of it ?
are you afraid of me ?
are you going or not ?
are you ready to fly ?
are you retired , tom ?
are you scared of me ?
are you with the fbi ?
birds fly in the sky .
boston is a big city .
bring me a dry towel .
call me when you can .
can i be your friend ?
can i call you again ?
can i extend my stay ?
can i speak with you ?
can i take a message ?
can i think about it ?
can i use your phone ?
can we afford it now ?
can we hurry this up ?
can you come with us ?
can you do it faster ?
can you fix a toilet ?
can you guess my age ?
can you make it safe ?
can you ride a horse ?
can you spare a buck ?
can't we go with tom ?
cats hate to get wet .
come back in an hour .
come in for a minute .
come with me , please .
could i borrow a saw ?
could i get some tea ?
could we have a fork ?
could you fill me in ?
did i hear you right ?
did i really do that ?
did he get a receipt ?
did he pass the exam ?
did he pass the test ?
did it go well today ?
did the car look old ?
did you do your work ?
did you get all that ?
did you just hit tom ?
did you see a doctor ?
did you see that car ?
did you see the show ?
did you speak at all ?
did you wait for tom ?
did you win the case ?
did you win the race ?
didn't i tell you so ?
do i have to undress ?
do come and visit us .
do come by all means .
do what he tells you .
do you dye your hair ?
do you fancy a drink ?
do you have a camera ?
do you have a family ?
do you have a minute ?
do you have a moment ?
do you have a pencil ?
do you have a tattoo ?
do you have a ticket ?
do you have a violin ?
do you have an alibi ?
do you have any beer ?
do you have any cash ?
do you have any kids ?
do you have the book ?
do you have the time ?
do you know his name ?
do you know that guy ?
do you like to dance ?
do you like to study ?
do you need our help ?
do you need the keys ?
do you not like them ?
do you run every day ?
do you still need me ?
do you want to dance ?
do you want to leave ?
do you wear a kimono ?
does he like his job ?
don't ask me to help .
don't be fresh to me .
don't be such a fool .
don't be such a jerk .
don't call me a jerk .
don't eat like a pig .
don't give it to him .
don't lie . be honest .
don't make fun of me .
don't make me say it .
don't try to deny it .
don't try to fool me .
don't try to stop me .
don't wait up for me .
don't worry . it's ok .
don't you want to go ?
fish live in the sea .
get back to the ship .
get him off my hands .
get in the back seat .
get out of my office .
get out of the truck .
get out of the water .
get some sleep , okay ?
get that book for me .
give me the car keys .
give that back to me .
go and open the door .
go back to your room .
go back to your seat .
has tom ever hit you ?
have it your own way .
have some pity on me .
have you fed the dog ?
have you got a match ?
have you heard of me ?
have you met him yet ?
have you seen my pen ?
have you seen my son ?
have you sold it yet ?
he acted as my guide .
he aimed at the bird .
he and i are cousins .
he asked me for help .
he began to feel ill .
he begged me to stay .
he bent his head low .
he built a new house .
he came into my room .
he came to my rescue .
he can be counted on .
he caught a big fish .
he chose a good wife .
he decided not to go .
he did it right away .
he didn't say a word .
he died one year ago .
he died the next day .
he fell to the floor .
he felt a sharp pain .
he gave a short talk .
he gave me this book .
he gets on my nerves .
he got angry with me .
he got his dander up .
he got off the train .
he had lost all hope .
he has a common name .
he has a dark secret .
he has a fair income .
he has a foreign car .
he has a good accent .
he has a good memory .
he has a hairy chest .
he has a large truck .
he has a nimble mind .
he has a strong body .
he has a strong will .
he has a sweet voice .
he has nothing to do .
he has to study hard .
he has very bad luck .
he held out his hand .
he held up his hands .
he hit me by mistake .
he is a cruel person .
he is a fast speaker .
he is a good speaker .
he is a good student .
he is a good swimmer .
he is a handsome man .
he is a harsh critic .
he is a lazy student .
he is a tough cookie .
he is about your age .
he is afraid of dogs .
he is afraid to swim .
he is always with me .
he is an angry drunk .
he is an unsung hero .
he is angry with you .
he is away from home .
he is bad at driving .
he is close to sixty .
he is far from happy .
he is five feet tall .
he is full of energy .
he is good at soccer .
he is hard to please .
he is his own master .
he is his usual self .
he is in his library .
he is in poor health .
he is in the kitchen .
he is in trouble now .
he is likely to come .
he is my best friend .
he is off duty today .
he is precious to us .
he is quite a savage .
he is reading a book .
he is the chosen one .
he jumped out of bed .
he knew it all along .
he knows how to swim .
he left a minute ago .
he likes music a lot .
he likes to watch tv .
he lived a long life .
he lives like a king .
he looks like a girl .
he made for the door .
he made her his wife .
he made up an excuse .
he made up the story .
he may have been ill .
he must have seen it .
he needs to be alone .
he never tells a lie .
he never wears a tie .
he picked up a stone .
he ran at full speed .
he ran into the room .
he ran up the stairs .
he saw a pretty girl .
he seems to be happy .
he seems to think so .
he sent me a present .
he swims like a fish .
he thinks i love her .
he took off his coat .
he tried to stand up .
he used to live here .
he used to love that .
he wanted to meet me .
he wants to kiss her .
he wants to meet you .
he was a good friend .
he was born in osaka .
he was drunk on beer .
he was in the shower .
he was out of breath .
he was put in prison .
he went to bed early .
he went to the store .
he will be back soon .
he will be here soon .
he works as a busboy .
he wrote me a letter .
he's a very nice boy .
he's my half - brother .
he's not in the mood .
he's now on the boat .
he's on his way home .
he's one of the best .
he's too old for her .
he's too old for you .
hey . what's going on ?
hi everyone , i'm tom .
how am i still alive ?
how big is this park ?
how big is your room ?
how can this be done ?
how can this be true ?
how can we thank you ?
how can you not know ?
how can you say that ?
how can you stand it ?
how could we not win ?
how deep is the lake ?
how did he come here ?
how did it all begin ?
how did it get there ?
how did you get here ?
how did you get hurt ?
how did you get them ?
how did you meet him ?
how did you two meet ?
how did your test go ?
how do parents do it ?
how do you know that ?
how do you like that ?
how do you stop this ?
how do you want them ?
how far are we going ?
how fast does he run ?
how hard can that be ?
how long did i sleep ?
how long did it last ?
how long did it take ?
how long have we got ?
how many did you get ?
how many do you need ?
how much did you pay ?
how much did you win ?
how much do you want ?
how much is an apple ?
how much is one beer ?
how much is this hat ?
how much is this pen ?
how much is this tie ?
how old are the kids ?
how old is this tree ?
how thin is too thin ?
how's your wife , tom ?
i agree to this plan .
i am a stranger here .
i am afraid of bears .
i am afraid of death .
i am afraid of dying .
i am better than you .
i am counting on you .
i am eating an apple .
i am looking at that .
i am no longer tired .
i am playing it safe .
i am poor at drawing .
i am telling a story .
i am waiting my turn .
i am wasting my time .
i applied for a visa .
i asked him his name .
i ate too much today .
i awoke from a dream .
i awoke on the floor .
i bear him no malice .
i bought a red diary .
i bought an old lamp .
i bought her a clock .
i bought him a clock .
i broke my right leg .
i built this for you .
i came here to learn .
i came here to study .
i can live with that .
i can make it happen .
i can play the piano .
i can read your mind .
i can ride a bicycle .
i can squeeze you in .
i can swim very fast .
i can take a message .
i can wait no longer .
i can't carry a tune .
i can't count on tom .
i can't do it either .
i can't eat all this .
i can't eat any more .
i can't hear a thing .
i can't help you now .
i can't kiss you now .
i can't move my legs .
i can't pay the rent .
i can't sleep at all !
i can't speak to tom .
i can't tell you yet .
i can't wait all day .
i can't wait for tom .
i can't wait for you .
i cannot drive a bus .
i chose not to leave .
i could kill you now .
i count on your help .
i decided not to eat .
i did it without you .
i did not order this .
i did what was right .
i did what you asked .
i didn't buy the car .
i didn't get the job .
i didn't look at tom .
i didn't mean to pry .
i didn't read it all .
i didn't want to die .
i do not feel guilty .
i do not like spring .
i do not mince words .
i don't care for him .
i don't do that well .
i don't feel like it .
i don't feel so good .
i don't feel so well .
i don't get out much .
i don't get the joke .
i don't go to church .
i don't have a badge .
i don't have a fever .
i don't have a knife .
i don't have a phone .
i don't have all day .
i don't have the key .
i don't hear a thing .
i don't keep a diary .
i don't know how far .
i don't know the way .
i don't like her hat .
i don't like his hat .
i don't like to fail .
i don't like to lose .
i don't mind it here .
i don't need a break .
i don't need it back .
i don't need to know .
i don't own a guitar .
i don't want to know .
i don't want to play .
i don't want to stay .
i don't want to stop .
i don't want to swim .
i don't want to talk .
i don't work for you .
i eat here every day .
i expect him to come .
i expect much of him .
i feel kind of tired .
i feel like an idiot .
i feel safe with you .
i feel sorry for her .
i feel sorry for him .
i feel sorry for you .
i felt like an idiot .
i felt sorry for you .
i forget who said it .
i got it for nothing .
i guess tom is right .
i had a busy morning .
i had a good teacher .
i had a heart attack .
i had a lovely night .
i had a speech ready .
i had a tooth pulled .
i had an early lunch .
i had fun last night .
i had it all planned .
i had never seen her .
i had nothing to say .
i had only one drink .
i had to act quickly .
i hate cops like him .
i hated you at first .
i have a bad sunburn .
i have a better idea .
i have a big problem .
i have a few friends .
i have a new bicycle .
i have a slight cold .
i have a sweet tooth .
i have a wooden comb .
i have been to india .
i have caught a cold .
i have lost my watch .
i have lots of ideas .
i have lots of money .
i have lunch at noon .
i have my own theory .
i have no more ideas .
i have read the book .
i have so many ideas .
i have such bad luck .
i have to be careful .
i have to wear boots .
i heard you did well .
i hope it's not true .
i hope that's a joke .
i just bought a boat .
i just can't help it .
i just can't take it .
i just cracked a rib .
i just cut my finger .
i just don't like it .
i just need a minute .
i just took a shower .
i just want you back .
i kept my mouth shut .
i knew i'd be blamed .
i knew tom would win .
i knew we'd find you .
i knew you'd like it .
i know tom very well .
i know tom was angry .
i know all about you .
i know her very well .
i know him very well .
i know it's not easy .
i know it's not fair .
i know it's not true .
i know lots of songs .
i know that you know .
i know what they are .
i know what to study .
i know what you know .
i know what you mean .
i know you know this .
i left the door open .
i left you a message .
i lent tom my camera .
i lied to my parents .
i like her dark eyes .
i like her very much .
i like him very much .
i like painting , too .
i like to eat apples .
i like to play poker .
i like to read books .
i like to sing songs .
i like you very much .
i live a simple life .
i live in this hotel .
i look forward to it .
i looked at my watch .
i looked for the key .
i lost my house keys .
i lost track of time .
i love the food here .
i made a big mistake .
i made a few changes .
i made a lucky guess .
i made a model plane .
i made a paper plane .
i make a good living .
i met a friend there .
i met him about noon .
i met him in january .
i met them last week .
i miss you very much .
i missed you so much .
i must be going deaf .
i must buy some milk .
i must talk with you .
i need a clean shirt .
i need a drink first .
i need a fresh start .
i need a little time .
i need a new bicycle .
i need it right away .
i need to study math .
i need you right now .
i needed to meet you .
i never asked for it .
i never did it again .
i never saw his face .
i no longer like you .
i no longer love him .
i no longer love you .
i now agree with tom .
i only need a minute .
i only saw the apple .
i ordered fries , too .
i owe him some money .
i prefer it that way .
i prefer it this way .
i prefer to be alone .
i prefer to go alone .
i put on my trousers .
i ran into my friend .
i really love my job .
i really ought to go .
i refuse to allow it .
i refused to be paid .
i said don't do that .
i said it might rain .
i should go with you .
i showed her my room .
i showed him my room .
i showed him the way .
i still don't get it .
i swim in the summer .
i thank you for that .
i think i'll do that .
i think tom can help .
i think tom did that .
i think tom did this .
i think tom did well .
i think tom has gone .
i think tom is awake .
i think tom is drunk .
i think tom is loyal .
i think tom is ready .
i think tom is right .
i think tom liked it .
i think tom needs me .
i think tom will win .
i think he likes you .
i think my mom knows .
i think that was tom .
i think they know me .
i think they know us .
i think they like me .
i think they like us .
i think they saw you .
i think this is mine .
i think this will do .
i think we should go .
i think you heard me .
i think you look hot .
i thought i knew you .
i thought i was cool .
i thought it was tom .
i took the wrong bus .
i tried not to stare .
i tried to kiss mary .
i turned off the tap .
i turned on the lamp .
i used to drink beer .
i want a new kitchen .
i want an mp3 player !
i want my money back .
i want some of those .
i want the other one .
i want them all shot .
i want to be careful .
i want to be invited .
i want to be noticed .
i want to go fishing .
i want to play cards .
i want to please you .
i want to see boston .
i want to start over .
i want to stay alive .
i want to take notes .
i want to watch this .
i want what you want .
i want you back here .
i wanted to go there .
i wanted to help you .
i wanted to share it .
i wanted to tell you .
i was afraid of that .
i was bored to death .
i was busy this week .
i was home all night .
i was hurt and upset .
i was in bed already .
i was jealous of you .
i was looking at her .
i was planning on it .
i was reading a book .
i was the only woman .
i went into the army .
i went to the market .
i will come with you .
i will have him come .
i will make some tea .
i will never see him .
i will show you some .
i will try next week .
i wish i was kidding .
i wish i were clever .
i wish i were taller .
i wish you good luck .
i wish you were here .
i woke up at sunrise .
i won't be gone long .
i won't let you down .
i won't say it again .
i wonder who took it .
i work in a hospital .
i worried , of course .
i would like to draw .
i wouldn't bet on it .
i'd be happy to help .
i'd like to be alone .
i'd like to help you .
i'd like to join you .
i'd like to kiss you .
i'd like to see that .
i'd like to try this .
i'd like to watch tv .
i'd love to meet him .
i'd rather not do it .
i'd say you did well .
i'll allow you to go .
i'll be glad to come .
i'll be in my office .
i'll be in the truck .
i'll buy you a drink .
i'll do that for tom .
i'll do what you ask .
i'll get back to you .
i'll get rid of them .
i'll get you a towel .
i'll give him a buzz .
i'll give you a book .
i'll give you a call .
i'll give you a hand .
i'll give you a lift .
i'll give you a ride .
i'll give you a shot .
i'll keep it in mind .
i'll leave you to it .
i'll prove it to you .
i'll take you to tom .
i'll wait in the car .
i'm a very lucky man .
i'm all out of ideas .
i'm dying for a beer !
i'm dying to see him .
i'm dying to see you .
i'm from out of town .
i'm glad i hired you .
i'm glad i'm not tom .
i'm glad he liked it .
i'm glad to meet you .
i'm glad we did that .
i'm glad you met tom .
i'm going to be late .
i'm going to be sick .
i'm going to see tom .
i'm happy to be back .
i'm happy to see you .
i'm here to help you .
i'm here to save you .
i'm in a hurry today .
i'm in love with you .
i'm in the same boat .
i'm living in a town .
i'm no match for tom .
i'm no match for you .
i'm no use to anyone .
i'm not a cat person .
i'm not as happy now .
i'm not at all tired .
i'm not going to die .
i'm not going to lie .
i'm not good at this .
i'm not good - looking .
i'm not here for you .
i'm not making it up .
i'm not ready to die .
i'm not safe in here .
i'm not sure i agree .
i'm not tired at all .
i'm proud of you all .
i'm ready if you are .
i'm really busy , tom .
i'm sick of this war .
i'm sorry i hurt tom .
i'm sorry i hurt you .
i'm sorry i shot you .
i'm sorry to hear it .
i'm still mad at her .
i'm too old for this .
i've come a long way .
i've got a good idea .
i've got to get home .
i've had a busy week .
i've lost my car key .
i've made up my mind .
if only he had known !
is tom a good kisser ?
is tom about to sing ?
is flight 23 on time ?
is it hot over there ?
is it money you need ?
is she a pretty girl ?
is she making a doll ?
is the cat all right ?
is this all for real ?
is this all there is ?
is this beef or pork ?
isn't he a bit young ?
it affects all of us .
it belongs to me now .
it felt like a dream .
it glows in the dark .
it has to be removed .
it is a payday today .
it is in the kitchen .
it is kind of pretty .
it is of great value .
it is out of fashion .
it is to be expected .
it is very cold here .
it is very hot today .
it is wrong to steal .
it looks good on you .
it looks like an egg .
it makes me so happy .
it pays to be polite .
it rained for a week .
it sounds good to me .
it took half an hour .
it was a false alarm .
it was a good answer .
it was a long letter .
it was a quiet night .
it was a stupid idea .
it was a tedious job .
it was an awful week .
it was heart - warming .
it was his best time .
it was his own fault .
it was kind of weird .
it was time to leave .
it will be dark soon .
it would be too easy .
it'll cost me my job .
it's a piece of cake .
it's a waste of time .
it's all greek to me .
it's all over for us .
it's as easy as that .
it's been a good day .
it's best not to ask .
it's easy if you try .
it's easy to see why .
it's good to be home .
it's not a bad thing .
it's not fair at all .
it's not fair to you .
it's not just a game .
it's not on the menu .
it's not time to die .
it's over now , right ?
it's time to go home .
it's too late for me .
it's what i would do .
just get out of here .
keep your eye on him .
let go of the bottle .
let go of the handle .
let me call you back .
let me deal with him .
let me get my wallet .
let me see that list .
let me take a gander .
let's do it your way .
let's get on the bus .
listen to me , please .
look at that big dog .
look at the dog jump .
look in front of you .
make him work for it .
many men died at sea .
mary did it for free .
mary is a brave girl .
may i ask a question ?
may i borrow a ruler ?
may i eat this apple ?
may i have a program ?
may i have a receipt ?
may i have this book ?
may i take a message ?
may i take your coat ?
may i use the toilet ?
may i use your phone ?
maybe i can show you .
maybe i should do it .
maybe tom is in love .
meet me in the lobby .
men are all the same .
mom is making a cake .
my bag is very heavy .
my dad works all day .
my father is at home .
my home is your home .
my house was on fire .
my left hand is numb .
my life is in danger .
my school has a band .
my skirt is too long .
my son can tell time .
no news is good news .
no one can deny that .
no one else knows it .
no one has been here .
no one is asking you .
no one seems to care .
none of this is good .
none of us want that .
phew ! that was close !
please do not buy it .
put it on my account .
put your hat back on .
send the kids to bed .
shall we take a taxi ?
shape up or ship out !
she acted as a guide .
she arrived in a car .
she bought a new car .
she bought a tea set .
she bought him a car .
she fell on her face .
she felt a bit tired .
she fixed us a snack .
she found him a seat .
she gave him a watch .
she gave him the car .
she got him to drive .
she got what he said .
she has a big family .
she has a funny face .
she has a hot temper .
she has a kind heart .
she has a pure heart .
she has a round face .
she held up her head .
she is a blonde girl .
she is a good dancer .
she is a good writer .
she is a pretty girl .
she is a quiet woman .
she is a real beauty .
she is able to skate .
she is angry with me .
she is bad at sports .
she is first in line .
she is hostile to me .
she is my dream girl .
she is never on time .
she is out of danger .
she is wearing a hat .
she looked up at him .
she looks like a boy .
she may have said so .
she missed him a lot .
she must be well off .
she ran for the door .
she ran out of paper .
she seems to be sick .
she sent me a letter .
she spoke up for him .
she told him to stop .
she took pity on him .
she turned on the tv .
she used to date him .
she used to hate him .
she used to love him .
she wants to hug him .
she wants to kill me .
she went on a picnic .
she wore a red dress .
she's as busy as tom .
she's gone on a trip .
she's not a bad girl .
should i ask her out ?
should i ask him out ?
should we run for it ?
show me a better one .
show me how it works .
sit down and shut up .
so what does it mean ?
someone has to do it .
soon it will be gone .
sorry , we are closed .
stay out of the rain .
tell mary i love her .
tell me a true story .
tell me what you saw .
tell me what you see .
tell me when to stop .
tell me where tom is .
tell us all about it .
thanks to all of you .
that did occur to me .
that guy is a bandit .
that is a blue house .
that was a close one .
that was naive of me .
that's a big fat lie .
that's a lot of cash .
that's a lot of food .
that's a lot of work .
that's all i can ask .
that's all i can say .
that's all i do here .
that's just how i am .
that's not how it is .
that's the way it is .
the boy began to cry .
the car is very fast .
the cat is very cute .
the coal bin is full .
the coat is not mine .
the dog nipped at me .
the game is not over .
the gang is all here .
the house is on fire !
the job is half done .
the maid made my bed .
the man looked at me .
the more , the better .
the old man sat down .
the party was a flop .
the past is the past .
the red skirt is new .
the sound woke me up .
there is a gold coin .
they are five in all .
they do it each week .
they had a good hunt .
they had fun with us .
they have lost a lot .
they live in a house .
they sat in a circle .
they took a big risk .
they want to kill me .
they went to the zoo .
this book is for you .
this car is like new .
this essay is my own .
this game is so hard .
this gift is for you .
this is a great book .
this is a nice place .
this is a rental car .
this is a small book .
this is good to know .
this is my dream job .
this is my first day .
this is serious , tom .
this is what he said .
this isn't a new car .
this must be for you .
this pen has run dry .
this room is too big .
this tea is very hot .
this was on the list .
this will cost € 30 .
today is not so cold .
tom allowed me to go .
tom can be relied on .
tom can't do the job .
tom got his hair cut .
tom got into the cab .
tom has a point here .
tom has a soft voice .
tom has his own room .
tom has only one leg .
tom hung up his coat .
tom is a bit strange .
tom is a common name .
tom is a good kisser .
tom is a great actor .
tom is a lazy person .
tom is a slow walker .
tom is about my size .
tom is afraid of you .
tom is angry with us .
tom is in the morgue .
tom is in the shower .
tom is just like you .
tom is now in danger .
tom is older than me .
tom is out of danger .
tom is short and fat .
tom is taking a walk .
tom is wiser than me .
tom knew where to go .
tom knows who we are .
tom left mary a note .
tom lied to the cops .
tom may be a traitor .
tom may not be wrong .
tom said he was busy .
tom said that was ok .
tom says he was busy .
tom sent mary a gift .
tom tried not to cry .
tom turned on the tv .
tom wants to be rich .
tom wants to meet me .
tom was all worn out .
tom won't let you go .
tom works for me now .
tom's car is on fire .
tom's not a nice guy .
tom , you're a genius .
too much is at stake .
try to open the door .
was that all you saw ?
watch your step , tom .
we agreed on a price .
we all deserve to go .
we all want you back .
we all work too hard .
we are eleven in all .
we are out of danger .
we can all walk home .
we can seat you soon .
we can't give up now .
we didn't do a thing .
we don't have a pool .
we got to be friends .
we had fun with them .
we have faith in tom .
we have to do better .
we have to slow down .
we have to warn them .
we just fed the baby .
we know this is real .
we lost sight of him .
we made quite a team .
we make a great team .
we may not have time .
we meet once a month .
we must go to school .
we need to cut costs .
we need to get going .
we ran down the hill .
we respect tom a lot .
we see him every day .
we should set a trap .
we talk all the time .
we walked to my room .
we want a new carpet .
we want to live here .
we went to the beach .
we went to the river .
we were one too many .
we work in a factory .
we'll eat on the way .
we'll talk soon , tom .
we're not used to it .
well , are you coming ?
were you one of them ?
what i did was wrong .
what a waste of time !
what am i doing here ?
what am i up against ?
what are you good at ?
what can you give me ?
what day is it today ?
what did i say wrong ?
what did i trip over ?
what did it all mean ?
what did the boy say ?
what did you call me ?
what did you do then ?
what did you turn up ?
what do we have here ?
what do you want now ?
what else can you do ?
what goes on in here ?
what is a think tank ?
what is he aiming at ?
what is it this time ?
what made her so sad ?
what must you do now ?
what shall i do next ?
what should i do now ?
what we need is help .
what you say is true .
what's the plan , tom ?
when can i visit you ?
when did he get back ?
when did you see him ?
when do they need me ?
when is good for you ?
when will he be busy ?
when will he go home ?
when will we go home ?
where can i buy silk ?
where did you get it ?
which of you will go ?
who am i speaking to ?
who are you to judge ?
who did you vote for ?
who do you know here ?
who do you live with ?
who else do you miss ?
who else is with you ?
who is he talking to ?
who is the boss here ?
who let the dogs out ?
who took care of you ?
why am i still alive ?
why are you all here ?
why are you so angry ?
why are you so happy ?
why are you so tired ?
why can't we do that ?
why did tom call you ?
why did he come here ?
why did they do that ?
why did you ditch me ?
why did you shoot me ?
why didn't you do it ?
why do i believe you ?
why do you ignore me ?
why do you need them ?
why do you permit it ?
why don't i call you ?
why don't we all run ?
why don't we go home ?
why is he doing this ?
why is he so popular ?
why is she so silent ?
why is that so funny ?
why not come with me ?
will he be here soon ?
will you come or not ?
will you wait for me ?
would you like a dog ?
would you like to go ?
you are a bad person .
you are not a coward .
you are not a doctor .
you are now an adult .
you are what you eat .
you can bank on that .
you can come with us .
you can count on tom .
you can count on her .
you can count on him .
you can depend on it .
you can fix all this .
you can sit down now .
you can't be so sure .
you don't have to go .
you don't need a lot .
you go on without me .
you got it all wrong .
you have not seen it .
you have to hurry up .
you have to keep fit .
you have to stay fit .
you have to trust me .
you keep out of this .
you knew , didn't you ?
you live in my heart .
you look like a girl .
you lost , didn't you ?
you may speak to him .
you may use this car .
you must not give up .
you need to fix this .
you need to sober up .
you pay me very well .
you should go to bed .
you should try it on .
you snooze , you lose .
you're not one of us .
you've grown up , tom .
you've hurt me a lot .
your dog is very big .
your dog is very fat .
your son is a genius .
a dolphin is a mammal .
a little bird told me .
a table has four legs .
a week has seven days .
above all , be patient .
all of them were gone .
all of us were silent .
all our money is gone .
all the boys ran away .
all the eggs went bad .
all the food was gone .
all the money is gone .
all three of us agree .
am i cleared for duty ?
am i talking too fast ?
any child can do that .
any time will suit me .
are they all the same ?
are they still in bed ?
are you a law student ?
are you a team player ?
are you all right now ?
are you allowed to go ?
are you an only child ?
are you ashamed of me ?
are you coming or not ?
are you fond of music ?
are you hungry at all ?
are you looking at me ?
are you picking on me ?
are you still at home ?
are you still at work ?
are you talking to me ?
ask tom to explain it .
ask tom where mary is .
ask for what you want !
be kind to old people .
be quiet for a moment .
both of you are wrong .
call me at the office .
can i borrow your car ?
can i have this dance ?
can i open the window ?
can i use your pencil ?
can his story be true ?
can the rumor be true ?
can this news be true ?
can we close the door ?
can you drive me home ?
can you keep a secret ?
can you light the way ?
can you sing the song ?
can you wait a minute ?
change was in the air .
come here and help me .
come over to my place .
come to lunch with us .
could i have a tissue ?
could i use the phone ?
could i use your desk ?
could we have a spoon ?
could you drop me off ?
could you let him out ?
count from one to ten .
did i really say that ?
did i ruin your plans ?
did tom forget to pay ?
did tom listen to you ?
did anyone call me up ?
did he do such things ?
did he propose to you ?
did he stay very long ?
did it make you angry ?
did you ask the price ?
did you buy this book ?
did you get the check ?
did you have any luck ?
did you hear all that ?
did you hear the news ?
did you know him well ?
did you not know that ?
did you see my camera ?
did you sleep all day ?
did you take him home ?
did you talk about me ?
did you think of that ?
did you use my camera ?
do i need to transfer ?
do not be so critical .
do not open your book .
do they know about us ?
do we have any chance ?
do we know each other ?
do you agree with tom ?
do you also like jazz ?
do you believe in god ?
do you believe me now ?
do you carry a weapon ?
do you feel all right ?
do you go there often ?
do you have a bicycle ?
do you have a husband ?
do you have a lighter ?
do you have a problem ?
do you have a receipt ?
do you have a vacancy ?
do you have any money ?
do you have any water ?
do you have some milk ?
do you have some wine ?
do you have your keys ?
do you hear any sound ?
do you know this lady ?
do you know this song ?
do you know your size ?
do you like her songs ?
do you like his songs ?
do you like the piano ?
do you like to travel ?
do you live in turkey ?
do you meet him often ?
do you miss your kids ?
do you need a deposit ?
do you need the phone ?
do you need this book ?
do you not like girls ?
do you own a computer ?
do you plan on moving ?
do you really love me ?
do you really mean it ?
do you really want it ?
do you still love him ?
do you still need tea ?
do you think i'm ugly ?
do you think it works ?
do you walk to school ?
do you want some help ?
do you want some wine ?
do you want to resign ?
does tom dye his hair ?
does tom have a beard ?
does tom like his job ?
does tom like to swim ?
does tom want to rest ?
does he do any sports ?
does it matter to you ?
does she have a hobby ?
does the hat fit well ?
does this ring a bell ?
don't blame it on her .
don't even talk to me .
don't go near the dog .
don't leave the tv on .
don't let tom do that .
don't let me die here .
don't let that dog go .
don't make me do this .
don't open it , please .
don't stand in my way .
don't step on my toes .
don't try to trick us .
double - click the icon .
eat your soup , please .
every dog has his day .
fill this out , please .
find out where tom is .
frankly , i don't care .
get out of my kitchen .
get out while you can .
get your hands off me .
give me just a little .
give me some more tea .
give me your car keys .
give this book to tom .
glad to see you again .
go ahead and take one .
go and see the doctor .
go back to your seats .
good luck on the test !
has the baby woken up ?
have you all gone mad ?
have you read the faq ?
have you seen my coat ?
have you seen my keys ?
have you seen my wife ?
he acted as our guide .
he and i are teachers .
he bowed to the queen .
he broke into a house .
he called at my house .
he came into the room .
he came late as usual .
he can no longer wait .
he can read and write .
he can't come with us .
he can't find his hat .
he can't see nor hear .
he crawled out of bed .
he cried out for help .
he deals in used cars .
he did not mention it .
he didn't see a thing .
he does not like cats .
he drinks like a fish .
he drives his own car .
he dropped her a line .
he earns a great deal .
he fell from the tree .
he fell off the horse .
he felt a sudden pain .
he gave me an example .
he gave me some money .
he got what he wanted .
he had a strong alibi .
he had the last laugh .
he had the right idea .
he has a japanese car .
he has a drug allergy .
he has a large family .
he has a little money .
he has a sharp tongue .
he has been to france .
he has done it before .
he has just come back .
he has just left home .
he has too many books .
he has too much pride .
he hopes to go abroad .
he is a big prankster .
he is a famous artist .
he is a heroin addict .
he is a living fossil !
he is a spoiled child .
he is a tennis player .
he is afraid of death .
he is an army officer .
he is away on holiday .
he is blinded by love .
he is eager to please .
he is good at cooking .
he is good at driving .
he is good at singing .
he is in the bathroom .
he is just an amateur .
he is lost in thought .
he is mad about music .
he is my close friend .
he is no ordinary man .
he is not always late .
he is not an american .
he is on another line .
he is sure of success .
he is sure to succeed .
he is tall and strong .
he is the tallest boy .
he is washing his car .
he is washing the car .
he is watching tv now .
he is writing a novel .
he isn't happy at all .
he kept pace with her .
he kept staring at me .
he knows us very well .
he knows who they are .
he landed a big trout .
he left her all alone .
he left the door open .
he lied about his age .
he likes soccer a lot .
he lived a happy life .
he lives in a village .
he lives off the grid .
he looked for the key .
he looks kind of pale .
he looks like a horse .
he lost his new watch .
he made up that story .
he might not be happy .
he moved close to her .
he must be over fifty .
he must be over sixty .
he must be very happy .
he must have been ill .
he never speaks to me .
he picked up the book .
he put the phone down .
he ran away from home .
he reads a great deal .
he rested for a while .
he robbed an old lady .
he sat reading a book .
he seems to be asleep .
he seems to be honest .
he showed her the way .
he slipped on the ice .
he started a new life .
he swims in the river .
he tends to tell lies .
he threw in the towel .
he threw me the apple .
he told a funny story .
he took a deep breath .
he tried to choke him .
he turned a blind eye .
he turned over in bed .
he walked with a limp .
he wanted to meet you .
he was a rugby player .
he was about to speak .
he was born in africa .
he was eager for news .
he was given the sack .
he was hard to please .
he was just behind me .
he was my best friend .
he was sent to prison .
he was sick last week .
he was staring at her .
he was unable to move .
he went back to japan .
he went down the hill .
he went into the bank .
he will be here today .
he will get back soon .
he will join us later .
he will never make it .
he will run for mayor .
he won a bronze medal .
he won the race again .
he'll be safe with me .
he'll rip my head off .
he's a fine young lad .
he's not in our group .
he's on his last legs .
he's such a cold fish .
he's such a great guy .
her life is in danger .
here's a photo of her .
his dad calls him tom .
his house is for sale .
his life is in danger .
his story was made up .
hold the line , please .
how are you all doing ?
how are you taking it ?
how are you two doing ?
how bad is the damage ?
how big is your house ?
how can i become rich ?
how can we prove that ?
how can you know that ?
how could you do that ?
how could you help me ?
how deep are the cuts ?
how deep is lake biwa ?
how deep is this well ?
how did last night go ?
how did they find out ?
how did you get those ?
how do i explain this ?
how do i look tonight ?
how do you explain it ?
how do you feel today ?
how do you like japan ?
how do you prove that ?
how does he know that ?
how does the film end ?
how high can you jump ?
how is your new class ?
how long ago was that ?
how long did you stay ?
how long does it last ?
how long does it take ?
how long will it take ?
how long will that be ?
how many did you take ?
how many did you want ?
how many does he want ?
how many have you had ?
how much are we short ?
how much do eggs cost ?
how much does it cost ?
how much is this ball ?
how much is this ring ?
how much is this sofa ?
how much will it cost ?
how much will you get ?
how old are your kids ?
how old is this stuff ?
how old is your uncle ?
how was the math test ?
i acted on his advice .
i agree with his idea .
i also wanted to know .
i always keep my word .
i am an office worker .
i am folding my dress .
i am grateful to them .
i am here on business .
i am in the classroom .
i am near the station .
i am not studying now .
i am poor at swimming .
i am reading a letter .
i am shorter than you .
i am tired of reading .
i am writing a letter .
i assumed it was free .
i ate with my parents .
i blew the candle out .
i bought it last week .
i broke my leg skiing .
i call her very often .
i came back home late .
i can hardly hear him .
i can hardly hear you .
i can open the window .
i can play the guitar .
i can smell the ocean .
i can walk no farther .
i can write very fast .
i can't believe i won .
i can't come with you .
i can't do it justice .
i can't do that again .
i can't do this again .
i can't do this alone .
i can't find my purse .
i can't hear you well .
i can't let him alone .
i can't open this jar .
i can't say i'm sorry .
i can't see the movie .
i can't stay for long .
i can't talk to girls .
i can't wait any more .
i can't wait to leave .
i can't work with tom .
i caught the last bus .
i chopped a tree down .
i come here every day .
i could never do that .
i couldn't lie to you .
i did not meet anyone .
i did nothing all day .
i did the right thing .
i didn't ask for help .
i didn't ask for this .
i didn't ask you that .
i didn't find a thing .
i didn't get the joke .
i didn't move a thing .
i didn't sleep a wink .
i didn't study at all .
i didn't want to know .
i dislike all of them .
i do feel pretty good .
i do have one request .
i do not drink coffee .
i do not know exactly .
i do not like science .
i do what is required .
i don't care for wine .
i don't even have one .
i don't even know why .
i don't even know you .
i don't even like you .
i don't feel so great .
i don't feel so smart .
i don't get much mail .
i don't get the point .
i don't have a choice .
i don't have a curfew .
i don't have a family .
i don't have a pencil .
i don't have a sister .
i don't have a system .
i don't have a tattoo .
i don't have a ticket .
i don't have a weapon .
i don't have an alibi .
i don't have any kids .
i don't have any pens .
i don't have my purse .
i don't have the ball .
i don't have the time .
i don't have them yet .
i don't have your wit .
i don't kiss and tell .
i don't know his name .
i don't know how long .
i don't know that yet .
i don't like bad boys .
i don't like big dogs .
i don't like her face .
i don't like hot tubs .
i don't like that one .
i don't like the dark .
i don't like this hat .
i don't like this one .
i don't like to clean .
i don't like to drive .
i don't like to guess .
i don't like to paint .
i don't live with tom .
i don't mind the food .
i don't need a doctor .
i don't need a lawyer .
i don't need a reason .
i don't need any help .
i don't need any rest .
i don't need your job .
i don't see a problem .
i don't see any blood .
i don't see the point .
i don't shave my legs .
i don't want any more .
i don't want to dance .
i don't want to share .
i don't want to sleep .
i don't want your job .
i doubt if it'll rain .
i doubt if it'll snow .
i dove into the river .
i explained it to him .
i feel a little woozy .
i feel bad about that .
i feel kind of hungry .
i feel like i'm ready .
i feel like going out .
i feel much safer now .
i feel so much better .
i fell into the water .
i felt a little dizzy .
i felt a little stiff .
i forgot all about it .
i forgot to tell them .
i found the book easy .
i found the box empty .
i found the empty box .
i found the game easy .
i gave him my address .
i get anything i want .
i get the picture now .
i get up around seven .
i glanced at my watch .
i go there every year .
i got my ears pierced .
i got what you needed .
i got what you wanted .
i grew up around here .
i guess i fell asleep .
i guess the dog bites .
i guess we were happy .
i guess you are right .
i had a narrow escape .
i had a strange dream .
i had my ears checked .
i had my eyes checked .
i had my money stolen .
i had my room cleaned .
i had my shoes shined .
i had my watch stolen .
i had no other choice .
i had nothing to hide .
i had to do something .
i hate guys like that .
i have a japanese car .
i have a little fever .
i have a little money .
i have a student visa .
i have a tourist visa .
i have an old bicycle .
i have been to london .
i have borrowed a car .
i have done it before .
i have errands to run .
i have homework to do .
i have just come here .
i have lost my camera .
i have lost my pencil .
i have lost my wallet .
i have made him angry .
i have met her before .
i have met him before .
i have my own reasons .
i have nothing to say .
i have plenty of time .
i have to be punished .
i have to go shopping .
i have to keep trying .
i haven't heard of it .
i heard a funny noise .
i heard my phone ring .
i heard the door open .
i helped fix the leak .
i hid behind the tree .
i hid under the table .
i hope he's all right .
i hope it will change .
i hope to return soon .
i hope you don't mind .
i hope you enjoyed it .
i hope you won't mind .
i hope you'll join us .
i hope you'll like it .
i just got your email .
i just stubbed my toe .
i just want the truth .
i just want your love .
i just wanted to talk .
i knew i wasn't crazy .
i knew all about that .
i knew it was serious .
i knew what tom meant .
i knew what you meant .
i know tom quite well .
i know tom will agree .
i know how this works .
i know it well enough .
i know that tom knows .
i know this will work .
i know what they mean .
i know what they said .
i know what to expect .
i know what to ignore .
i know where he lives .
i know where you live .
i know you are clever .
i know you helped tom .
i laughed at his joke .
i learned a new trick .
i learned it from you .
i left in the morning .
i lent him a magazine .
i like all my classes .
i like being with you .
i like cats very much .
i like dogs very much .
i like the color blue .
i like to be prepared .
i like to be thorough .
i like to write poems .
i live in the country .
i lost my credit card .
i love a happy ending .
i love buying on ebay .
i love talking to you .
i love to help others .
i made a bad decision .
i made a couple calls .
i made a huge mistake .
i made tea last night .
i may try again later .
i met her by accident .
i might not come back .
i must be leaving now .
i must help my mother .
i must hurry to class .
i must know the truth .
i must repay the debt .
i must ride a bicycle .
i need it by tomorrow .
i need some help here .
i need to be prepared .
i need to go shopping .
i need to keep moving .
i never found out why .
i never read the book .
i never saw tom again .
i never saw her again .
i never saw him again .
i never told tom that .
i never went to sleep .
i no longer live here .
i no longer want that .
i no longer work here .
i often get the blues .
i only have ten books .
i only need one thing .
i ordered you a drink .
i owe you a breakfast .
i paid about 50 bucks .
i paid for it already .
i paid for the damage .
i paid for the drinks .
i pigged out on pizza .
i plan on being early .
i play a little piano .
i prefer cats to dogs .
i prefer dogs to cats .
i prefer to eat alone .
i promise not to sing .
i really am very busy .
i really have no idea .
i really love my work .
i really miss you all .
i really need a drink .
i really want to stay .
i really wanted to go .
i refuse to accept it .
i remember what i saw .
i run my own business .
i said leave it alone .
i saw my sister there .
i should be in charge .
i stayed home all day .
i stayed home to rest .
i stayed up all night .
i still don't like it .
i suggest you go west .
i suppose you like it .
i tend to catch colds .
i think tom is insane .
i think tom is scared .
i think he won't come .
i think it's too late .
i think she will come .
i think they know you .
i think they like you .
i think this is funny .
i think this is yours .
i think we can manage .
i think we need those .
i think we should run .
i think we were lucky .
i think you did great .
i think you know that .
i think you look fine .
i think you need help .
i think you need this .
i think you should go .
i thought i heard you .
i thought i was alone .
i thought i was happy .
i thought he had died .
i thought he was here .
i thought he was rich .
i thought it was cool .
i thought it was good .
i thought it was true .
i thought so at first .
i turned off my phone .
i turned on the radio .
i used to play tennis .
i used to respect you .
i walked about a mile .
i want my hammer back .
i want to be involved .
i want to be pampered .
i want to become rich .
i want to believe you .
i want to leave paris .
i want to lose weight .
i want to say goodbye .
i want to settle down .
i want to visit korea .
i want you back today .
i wanted to marry him .
i was a bit emotional .
i was a healthy child .
i was a little afraid .
i was angry at myself .
i was born in america .
i was born in october .
i was choked by smoke .
i was deceived by him .
i was fired last week .
i was in good spirits .
i was never told that .
i was right all along .
i was very busy today .
i went home and cried .
i went out by bicycle .
i went to europe once .
i went to the station .
i went to your school .
i will drive you home .
i will make her happy .
i will make you happy .
i will need your help .
i wish i were younger .
i wish you'd trust me .
i won't do that again .
i won't touch a thing .
i wonder where tom is .
i wonder who did that .
i wonder who they are .
i wonder why tom left .
i work even on sunday .
i work for a hospital .
i work in the morning .
i would rather go out .
i would rather not go .
i wouldn't be so sure .
i'd like to go faster .
i'd like to hear that .
i'd like you to drive .
i'd love to know that .
i'd never dream of it .
i'd rather be at home .
i'll come and get you .
i'll come on may 23rd .
i'll do as you advise .
i'll do no such thing .
i'll go get the broom .
i'll go get the pizza .
i'll go if you insist .
i'll go meet her soon .
i'll make a few calls .
i'll make tea for you .
i'll miss you so much .
i'll permit you to go .
i'll see you in court .
i'll show that to tom .
i'll stay if it rains .
i'll take care of you .
i'll tell you a story .
i'm a married man now .
i'm all out of tricks .
i'm almost sure of it .
i'm aware of all that .
i'm busy all the time .
i'm failing at my job .
i'm from tokyo , japan .
i'm glad to hear that .
i'm glad you liked it .
i'm going to hurt you .
i'm going to miss you .
i'm going to the bank .
i'm going to watch tv .
i'm here as a tourist .
i'm home all the time .
i'm joking , of course .
i'm just a normal guy .
i'm just doing my job .
i'm leaving it to you .
i'm looking for a job .
i'm not a drug addict .
i'm not a kid anymore .
i'm not afraid at all .
i'm not afraid of you .
i'm not afraid to die .
i'm not afraid to try .
i'm not all that busy .
i'm not an only child .
i'm not at all afraid .
i'm not at all hungry .
i'm not done with you .
i'm not giving up yet .
i'm not going to look .
i'm not going to lose .
i'm not going to stop .
i'm not going to talk .
i'm not going to wait .
i'm not going to work .
i'm not here to fight .
i'm not hungry at all .
i'm not in any danger .
i'm not in good shape .
i'm not narrow - minded .
i'm not on duty today .
i'm not one to gossip .
i'm not proud of that .
i'm not scared to die .
i'm not sure about it .
i'm on my lunch break .
i'm out of place here .
i'm playing a tv game .
i'm proud of you guys .
i'm ready for a break .
i'm sick of this game .
i'm sorry i'm so late .
i'm staying out of it .
i'm sure i'll be fine .
i'm sure we all agree .
i'm taking care of it .
i'm too sleepy to eat .
i'm too tired to walk .
i'm trying not to cry .
i'm used to the noise .
i'm very drawn to you .
i've been out of town .
i've been there a lot .
i've been to the mall .
i've got places to go .
i've got things to do .
i've got to get going .
i've had a good sleep .
i've had a tough year .
i've run out of money .
i've taken care of it .
if you're tired , rest .
is mary a real blonde ?
is okayama a big city ?
is tom ready for this ?
is he afraid of death ?
is it a direct flight ?
is it an action movie ?
is it really all over ?
is it really worth it ?
is sugar cane a fruit ?
is that a bullet hole ?
is that still my room ?
is that what he wants ?
is that what you said ?
is that what you want ?
is that why they died ?
is that your own idea ?
is there a school bus ?
is there life on mars ?
is there no other way ?
is this what you want ?
isn't it your day off ?
it all depends on tom .
it came as a surprise .
it could have been me .
it didn't hurt at all .
it feels like a dream .
it gave me the creeps .
it is a luxury cruise .
it is beyond my power .
it is still too early .
it is under the chair .
it is very cold today .
it looks great so far .
it made me very happy .
it reminded me of you .
it started as a hobby .
it was a church event .
it was a forced smile .
it was a huge project .
it was a huge success .
it was a terrible day .
it was hot last night .
it was no one's fault .
it was real hard work .
it was three days ago .
it was time for lunch .
it will be ready soon .
it will clear up soon .
it won't be that hard .
it won't take so long .
it's tom on the phone .
it's a matter of time .
it's a nice day today .
it's a quarter to two .
it's a very sad story .
it's all in my report .
it's all in your head .
it's all work - related .
it's been a long time .
it's going to be fine .
it's nice to meet you .
it's not a fair fight .
it's not hard to find .
it's not what we want .
it's not why i'm here .
it's one of our rules .
it's our duty to help .
it's the best we have .
it's time for a break .
it's very easy to use .
it's very kind of you .
just a moment , please .
just do what you want .
just get back to work .
just let me walk away .
just use mine for now .
keep in touch with me .
keep it together , tom .
keep up the good work .
last night i threw up .
lay down on the couch .
let in some fresh air .
let me call my lawyer .
let me deal with this .
let me do the cooking .
let me do the talking .
let me think a minute .
let me think about it .
let some fresh air in .
let them do their job .
let's dance , shall we ?
let's get off the bus .
let's go in my office .
let's go to the beach .
let's not do the work .
let's not talk to her .
let's play a new game .
let's talk man to man .
life could be so easy .
like father , like son .
look at the next page .
look , i'm really busy .
make up your own mind .
may i borrow this pen ?
may i borrow your car ?
may i escort you home ?
may i have this dance ?
may i open the window ?
may i use this pencil ?
may i use your toilet ?
maybe i need a lawyer .
maybe we can fix this .
maybe you can help us .
might i ask your name ?
my back is killing me .
my bicycle has a flat .
my car is not running .
my car isn't for sale .
my cat will love this .
my college has a dorm .
my dad is very strict .
my father is a doctor .
my left arm is asleep .
my life was in danger .
my mother is a lawyer .
my mother is well off .
my name's on the door .
my nose is stuffed up .
my right hand is numb .
my room is just below .
my room is very small .
my shoes are worn out .
my sister has a piano .
my toe began to bleed .
my uncle runs a hotel .
my whole body is sore .
my wife is very upset .
no doubt he will come .
no one agreed with me .
no one cares about us .
no one knows her name .
no one knows his name .
no one knows the fact .
no one listened to me .
no one seemed to hear .
no one speaks with me .
no one wants to fight .
no one wants to speak .
nobody wants to do it ?
none of them is alive .
none of us is perfect .
not a sound was heard .
not all birds can fly .
not all change is bad .
one of my teeth hurts .
open the door , please .
our dog has gone away .
our team won the game .
please allow me to go .
please do it this way .
please do not kill me .
please give me a call .
please give me a hand .
please go to the bank .
please let me go home .
please turn on the tv .
price is not an issue .
put it onto the table .
put it where you like .
put the baby to sleep .
put them on the table .
put your coat back on .
red is out of fashion .
say it in another way .
send me a new catalog .
shall i check the oil ?
she acted in the play .
she agreed to my idea .
she asked me for help .
she beat him to death .
she called him a fool .
she called him a liar .
she came out of there .
she can play the drum .
she can sew very well .
she decided not to go .
she does not like him .
she gave me a present .
she gave us a present .
she got home at seven .
she handed him a book .
she has a good figure .
she has a pretty doll .
she has a pretty face .
she has a small house .
she has been to paris .
she has gone to italy .
she hated him so much .
she hit the ball hard .
she is a good swimmer .
she is about to leave .
she is afraid of cats .
she is afraid of dogs .
she is engaged to him .
she is good at skiing .
she is likely to come .
she is related to him .
she is sewing a dress .
she is weak by nature .
she isn't kind to him .
she just wrote a book .
she lived a long life .
she lives in new york .
she needs to help him .
she picked up a stone .
she said with a smile .
she seems to be happy .
she sings out of tune .
she stayed at a hotel .
she told him to study .
she took off her coat .
she took up his offer .
she wants to kiss him .
she was kissed by him .
she was unkind to him .
she went to bed early .
she wore a pretty hat .
she wore a red blouse .
she's had a hard life .
she's not at home now .
she's not in the mood .
she's too old for you .
should we get a table ?
shut the door , please .
stand the book on end .
stay out of the water .
stocks hit a new high .
take a walk every day .
take hold of the rope .
take me to your place .
tell tom i'll be back .
tell tom i'm not home .
tell me it's not true .
tell me what tom said .
tell me what to think .
tell me what you want .
tell me when to start .
tell the truth to tom .
tell us the truth now .
thank you all so much .
thanks to both of you .
thanks , but no thanks .
that can be a problem .
that car is quite new .
that cost him his job .
that dog is so stupid .
that gave tom an idea .
that guy is an outlaw .
that is an old camera .
that is an old castle .
that is my own affair .
that made me very sad .
that man is a soldier .
that noise woke me up .
that one is all yours .
that seems like a lot .
that was a cheap shot .
that was a close call .
that was a funny joke .
that was kind of mean .
that was kind of rude .
that's a lot of money .
that's all we can ask .
that's all we do here .
that's all you can do .
that's good , isn't it ?
that's how i feel now .
that's not how i feel .
that's not what i saw .
that's why i love you .
that's why i was late .
that's why i'm so fat .
the baby smiled at me .
the black one is mine .
the boys built a raft .
the circus is in town .
the hunter shot a fox .
the ice is very thick .
the man lost all hope .
the moon has come out .
the news made her sad .
the old man looks sad .
the pond has dried up .
the pond is very deep .
the radio is too loud .
the rain made me late .
the rent is very high .
the risk is too great .
the room is too small .
the same goes for tom .
the soap hurt my eyes .
the sun has gone down .
the sun is rising now .
the sun will set soon .
the sun will soon set .
the tide is coming in .
the war ended in 1954 .
the wind blew all day .
there are three of us .
there is no milk left .
there is no one there .
there is no other way .
there is no salt left .
there was no one home .
there's no way to win .
they are all the same .
they are the same age .
they can't all be bad .
they did not go there .
they don't have a car .
they ganged up on him .
they lie all the time .
they made me go there .
they meet once a week .
they never tell a lie .
they sat side by side .
they sat under a tree .
they sat up all night .
they think it's a toy .
they told me about it .
they went to bed late .
they're up to no good .
this dog is a mongrel .
this guy is an outlaw .
this is a chinese fan .
this is a big problem .
this is a big project .
this is a company car .
this is a dirty movie .
this is a free ticket .
this is a good system .
this is a spotted dog .
this is all a mistake .
this is all our fault .
this is an apple tree .
this is an epic novel .
this is an old letter .
this is based on fact .
this is for my friend .
this is my first time .
this is my last offer .
this is not my ticket .
this is not true love .
this is our main goal .
this is our only hope .
this is the last game .
this is the last time .
this made me very sad .
this movie is rated r .
this one is all yours .
this room is for vips .
this room is for rent .
this spoon is for tea .
this tea is very good .
this was a great idea .
this was not the deal .
time waits for no one .
today is my lucky day .
today is not your day .
tom and i are buddies .
tom asked for a raise .
tom bought a used car .
tom can count on mary .
tom can't be far away .
tom can't ride a bike .
tom caught a big fish .
tom does it very well .
tom gave me this book .
tom gets on my nerves .
tom got a lucky break .
tom grew up in boston .
tom has a loose tooth .
tom has a thick beard .
tom has lots of money .
tom hid behind a tree .
tom is a bit paranoid .
tom is a fast learner .
tom is a good student .
tom is a handsome guy .
tom is a handsome man .
tom is a sheep farmer .
tom is also an artist .
tom is good at diving .
tom is in big trouble .
tom is in college now .
tom is in there alone .
tom is kind of creepy .
tom is not a criminal .
tom is still in shock .
tom is trying to quit .
tom is writing a book .
tom knows how to dive .
tom liked what he saw .
tom likes skiing , too .
tom looks like a girl .
tom must be tired now .
tom needed a good job .
tom plugged in the tv .
tom ran at full speed .
tom said he knew mary .
tom said he would try .
tom says he knows you .
tom says that's a lie .
tom set the bird free .
tom taught me to sing .
tom took off his belt .
tom tried to hit mary .
tom wanted to be sure .
tom wants to help out .
tom wants to know why .
tom was given a medal .
tom was in good shape .
tom was in the shower .
tom was late for work .
tom will stay with us .
tom wrote to a friend .
tom's dog is very big .
tom's good at his job .
wait here for a while .
we agreed to the plan .
we all agree with you .
we all have our flaws .
we all sang in unison .
we are short of money .
we are the new owners .
we can live with that .
we can't back out now .
we can't go right now .
we can't help tom now .
we can't tow this car .
we could go there now .
we do not accept tips .
we don't want to know .
we had a little water .
we have time to spare .
we have to be careful .
we knelt down to pray .
we know all about you .
we left the door open .
we met at summer camp .
we miss you very much .
we must do it quickly .
we must start at once .
we need to study more .
we often eat fish raw .
we often eat raw fish .
we ought to do better .
we ran short of money .
we really need to win .
we really want to win .
we should do our best .
we should go to sleep .
we stood face to face .
we tried to stop them .
we wear the same size .
we will soon take off .
we work to earn money .
we'll be here all day .
we're not proud of it .
we're on our way home .
we're so proud of you !
we've done all we can .
we've got to find tom .
we've got to get help .
we've run out of beer .
we've run out of food .
were you spying on me ?
what a fool i've been !
what a stroke of luck !
what a waste of water !
what am i agreeing to ?
what are they made of ?
what are we afraid of ?
what are we all doing ?
what are you doing up ?
what are you here for ?
what book did you buy ?
what can you make out ?
what can you teach me ?
what did tom do wrong ?
what did tom show you ?
what did he look like ?
what did he say again ?
what did his wife say ?
what did it feel like ?
what did it look like ?
what did you find out ?
what did you just say ?
what did you see next ?
what did your mom say ?
what do you call that ?
what do you call this ?
what do you think now ?
what do you want then ?
what does your son do ?
what else did tom say ?
what else did you eat ?
what else do you have ?
what else do you know ?
what else do you need ?
what else do you want ?
what grade are you in ?
what if i'm not lucky ?
what if tom finds out ?
what if it's too late ?
what is going on here ?
what is his shoe size ?
what is on channel 10 ?
what is the next stop ?
what made her do that ?
what more do you need ?
what more do you want ?
what ship were you on ?
what should i do next ?
what should i name it ?
what time did you eat ?
what took you so long ?
what will it all cost ?
what's it going to be ?
when did tom say that ?
when did you find out ?
when did you get this ?
when did you meet her ?
when did you say that ?
when is the paper due ?
when will he be freed ?
when will you be back ?
when will you be free ?
where can i reach you ?
where did you grow up ?
where did you guys go ?
where did you hide it ?
where did you see her ?
where do you all live ?
where do you live now ?
where do you work now ?
where is the bus stop ?
where should i put it ?
where were all of you ?
which team are you on ?
who am i talking with ?
who are you afraid of ?
who are you to decide ?
who did you come with ?
who did you talk with ?
who does he look like ?
who else is out there ?
who has a better idea ?
who is that old woman ?
who takes care of you ?
who told you all that ?
who told you the news ?
who tried to kill tom ?
who wants to go first ?
who will come with me ?
whose side are you on ?
whose turn is it next ?
why are we doing this ?
why are you even here ?
why did they hire you ?
why did you back away ?
why did you marry him ?
why do we have dreams ?
why don't i drive you ?
why don't you come in ?
why don't you grow up ?
why don't you help us ?
why don't you join me ?
why don't you join us ?
why don't you love me ?
why don't you shut up ?
why is tom still here ?
why is she doing this ?
why is she so popular ?
why is the train late ?
why not just tell tom ?
why shouldn't i do it ?
why would i know that ?
why would tom be here ?
why would you want me ?
will it clear up soon ?
will you take me home ?
will you take the job ?
would you care to bet ?
write me sometime , ok ?
you all did good work .
you alone can help me .
you are a good person .
you are a mean person .
you are not a student .
you can make your own .
you can rely upon him .
you can't give up now .
you can't kill us all .
you can't pull it off .
you don't fit in here .
you don't have a clue .
you don't have to lie .
you don't have to pay .
you don't need a list .
you gave me your word .
you had better go now .
you have gone too far .
you have not seen him .
you have to be strong .
you have to hold back .
you have to pay taxes .
you have to try again .
you have to use tools .
you live too far away .
you look kind of down .
you make it look easy .
you may take the book .
you might not find it .
you must come with me .
you must do your best .
you must go to school .
you need not go there .
you need to follow me .
you need to work fast .
you owe him the truth .
you reap what you sow .
you should leave , tom .
you will stay at home .
you'll get used to it .
you're going to be ok .
you're in danger , tom .
you're my kind of gal .
you're right , i think .
you're too old for me .
you're very kind , tom .
you've got to be bold !
you've got to wake up .
your hair is too long .
your room is very big .
a child needs a mother .
a dust storm is coming .
a lot of fish perished .
a mosquito just bit me .
a rabbit has long ears .
a stone does not float .
a wolf cannot be tamed .
ah , that's much better .
all of them went there .
all of us speak french .
all roads lead to rome .
all the buses are full .
all the girls love tom .
all the lights were on .
all the money was gone .
all you do is complain !
an idea occurred to me .
anything is ok with me .
are these all the same ?
are they ready to talk ?
are things ok with you ?
are you a student here ?
are you afraid of dogs ?
are you afraid of that ?
are you all doing well ?
are you angry with tom ?
are you blowing me off ?
are you busy right now ?
are you coming with me ?
are you coming with us ?
are you falling for me ?
are you free for lunch ?
are you going to leave ?
are you good at tennis ?
are you guys all right ?
are you laughing at me ?
are you looking for me ?
are you looking for us ?
are you pointing at me ?
are you pulling my leg ?
are you ready to begin ?
are you ready to order ?
are you ready to party ?
are you speaking to me ?
aren't you hungry , tom ?
be careful not to fall .
be careful not to slip .
bring me a moist towel .
buy the dress you want .
call me at this number .
call me when it's done .
call up tom right away .
can i continue my trip ?
can i get you anything ?
can i have this orange ?
can i open the windows ?
can i see you tomorrow ?
can i touch your beard ?
can she ride a bicycle ?
can we afford all this ?
can we get started now ?
can we save the planet ?
can we talk in private ?
can you climb the tree ?
can you close the door ?
can you do a headstand ?
can you do it tomorrow ?
can you leave me alone ?
can you play the organ ?
can you play the piano ?
can you please shut up ?
can you ride a bicycle ?
can you say that again ?
can you sing this song ?
can you turn that down ?
can you use a computer ?
can you walk on stilts ?
can you watch the kids ?
can't you see i'm busy ?
charge this bill to me .
close the door , please .
come and dance with me .
come back to the party .
come here and sit down .
come over to our table .
could i have the check ?
could i use your phone ?
could you gift wrap it ?
could you leave me one ?
could you show me that ?
could you stop , please ?
could you turn it down ?
dancing is not a crime .
dead men tell no tales .
did i ask your opinion ?
did i not mention that ?
did it snow last night ?
did the phone wake you ?
did you bring a weapon ?
did you bring the book ?
did you enjoy the film ?
did you enjoy the game ?
did you enjoy the show ?
did you enjoy the tour ?
did you enjoy your run ?
did you find your keys ?
did you finish the job ?
did you get good marks ?
did you get her letter ?
did you get his letter ?
did you hear the noise ?
did you just insult me ?
did you like the movie ?
did you order any food ?
did you order the book ?
did you really do that ?
did you steal that car ?
did you think about it ?
did you watch the game ?
did you win the trophy ?
do i make myself clear ?
do not call him master .
do we have enough food ?
do you agree with this ?
do you believe in ufos ?
do you come here often ?
do you drink green tea ?
do you feel any better ?
do you give to charity ?
do you have a daughter ?
do you have a passport ?
do you have a question ?
do you have a shoehorn ?
do you have a solution ?
do you have an opinion ?
do you have any drinks ?
do you have any others ?
do you have some money ?
do you know noah's ark ?
do you know about that ?
do you know his father ?
do you know that hotel ?
do you know the answer ?
do you know the family ?
do you know the reason ?
do you like black cats ?
do you like this color ?
do you like this music ?
do you like white wine ?
do you need much money ?
do you need some water ?
do you play any sports ?
do you really not know ?
do you study every day ?
do you think i'm crazy ?
do you think i'm right ?
do you think in german ?
do you think it'll fit ?
do you want some water ?
do you want this shirt ?
does he live near here ?
does that make you sad ?
does that work for you ?
does the coat fit well ?
don't ask me for money .
don't get cute with me .
don't get mad , promise .
don't go back to sleep !
don't go without a hat .
don't let him get away .
don't make fun of them .
don't make me hurt you .
don't make me kill you .
don't open the box yet .
don't say such a thing .
don't sit on the floor .
don't take it to heart .
don't tell me to relax .
don't try this at home .
don't worry . it's easy .
don't write in red ink .
don't you want to help ?
don't you want to know ?
easter is near at hand .
enjoy it while you can .
excuse me for a moment .
excuse us for a minute .
father is still in bed .
finally , the bell rang .
for me , it's important .
get a hold of yourself .
get back into your car .
give tom what he wants .
give it to me straight .
give it your best shot .
give me a final answer .
give me a little money .
give me back my pencil .
give the devil his due .
give this book to ramu .
go get me another beer .
has the world gone mad ?
have you been to cairo ?
have you been to kyoto ?
have you ever been fat ?
have you ever seen her ?
have you ever tried it ?
have you got any plans ?
have you put on weight ?
have you read this yet ?
have you seen my purse ?
have you seen my watch ?
have you seen this man ?
have you seen this yet ?
have you spoken to tom ?
have you told your mom ?
he acted like a madman .
he asked for my advice .
he asked for the money .
he ate the whole apple .
he began to cry loudly .
he begged for his life .
he bought a dozen eggs .
he broke out into rage .
he broke the door open .
he brought us sad news .
he called off the trip .
he called out for help .
he came after you left .
he came home very late .
he can play the guitar .
he can talk to spirits .
he can't have been ill .
he can't walk any more .
he cannot have said so .
he did all the legwork .
he did nothing but cry .
he did the right thing .
he didn't come on time .
he didn't get her joke .
he didn't get the joke .
he didn't study at all .
he died of lung cancer .
he dressed like a girl .
he dyed his hair black .
he earns a good salary .
he fell into the ditch .
he fell into the river .
he gave a vague answer .
he gave me some stamps .
he gets tough at times .
he got his watch fixed .
he got the first prize .
he had a loving family .
he handed in his paper .
he has a beautiful tan .
he has a bright future .
he has a good appetite .
he has gone to america .
he has gone to britain .
he has left his family .
he has no common sense .
he has no moral values .
he has no real friends .
he has no specific aim .
he hid behind the door .
he hid behind the tree .
he is italian by birth .
he is a capable lawyer .
he is a complete idiot .
he is a good carpenter .
he is a lovable person .
he is a true gentleman .
he is afraid of father .
he is afraid of snakes .
he is an office worker .
he is crazy about jazz .
he is eager to succeed .
he is far from perfect .
he is fond of painting .
he is fond of swimming .
he is full of ambition .
he is good for nothing .
he is guilty of murder .
he is having lunch now .
he is popular among us .
he is riding a bicycle .
he is thinking it over .
he is thirty years old .
he is tired of reading .
he isn't afraid to die .
he jumped on the train .
he jumped over a ditch .
he kept reading a book .
he kept silent all day .
he knocked on the door .
he knows that you know .
he knows the city well .
he laughed off my idea .
he leads a hectic life .
he learned how to swim .
he left japan for good .
he left three days ago .
he likes to play rough .
he likes to read books .
he lives near my house .
he looked at his watch .
he looked into the box .
he looks like a monkey .
he loved her very much .
he loves you very much .
he made a bad decision .
he married a rich girl .
he may have been right .
he must be about forty .
he never got a holiday .
he never said it again .
he often appears on tv .
he often falls in love .
he often goes to tokyo .
he often uses a subway .
he ordered a chop suey .
he paid the money back .
he picked up the phone .
he pretends to be deaf .
he regrets what he did .
he remains sick in bed .
he repairs his own car .
he sang some old songs .
he seemed to like that .
he shook hands with me .
he should be in charge .
he showed me the ropes .
he speaks in his sleep .
he spoke highly of you .
he stayed in the hotel .
he still wants to come .
he stopped for a smoke .
he took a notebook out .
he took a step forward .
he took out some coins .
he turned on the radio .
he wants only the best .
he was a brave soldier .
he was a real drunkard .
he was a wonderful man .
he was assigned a task .
he was dressed in blue .
he was drunk and angry .
he was frozen to death .
he was going to school .
he was in good spirits .
he was learning a poem .
he was petting the dog .
he was right after all .
he was shorter than me .
he was slain in battle .
he was voted prom king .
he went for the doctor .
he went out the window .
he went to the dentist .
he went to the library .
he will come after all .
he will come back soon .
he will come down soon .
he will soon come back .
he won the race easily .
he won the third prize .
he wore a dark sweater .
he works like a maniac .
he zipped his bag shut .
he zipped open his bag .
he's acting on his own .
he's afraid of the sea .
he's ahead in the race .
he's an asian - american .
he's buying an old hat .
he's going to sit here .
he's leaning on a cane .
he's likely to be late .
he's looking for a job .
he's not a team player .
he's not worthy of you .
he's out taking a walk .
he's still sick in bed .
her friend is a singer .
her hair is very short .
hey , don't forget this .
his car is really cool .
his money was all gone .
his music is too noisy .
his son died last year .
his story must be true .
his words came to mind .
his words gave me hope .
hold the elevator , tom .
hope is not a strategy .
how are things at home ?
how are things at work ?
how are you getting on ?
how are you holding up ?
how could i forget you ?
how could you not know ?
how could you say that ?
how did you answer tom ?
how did you get caught ?
how did your speech go ?
how do we explain this ?
how long did that take ?
how long did this take ?
how long is the bridge ?
how long is the flight ?
how long were you gone ?
how long were you sick ?
how much are the pears ?
how much did that cost ?
how much did you bring ?
how much farther is it ?
how much is the ticket ?
how much is there left ?
how much is this dress ?
how often do you shave ?
how old is this church ?
how old is your father ?
how soon can you start ?
how thick is the board ?
how was the roast beef ?
how well can you dance ?
i actually have to run .
i actually saw a ghost .
i almost never met her .
i am afraid of heights .
i am ashamed of myself .
i am brushing my teeth .
i am doing my homework .
i am eating a sandwich .
i am leaving next week .
i am moving next month .
i am off duty tomorrow .
i am sixteen years old .
i am swamped with work .
i am tired of homework .
i am worried about him .
i approve of your plan .
i asked tom for advice .
i asked him a question .
i asked what was wrong .
i asked you last night .
i believe tom is right .
i believe this is mine .
i believe what he says .
i bought a good camera .
i bought a new handbag .
i bought lots of books .
i bought you a present .
i came with my friends .
i can handle it myself .
i can't agree with you .
i can't be without you .
i can't believe we won .
i can't come right now .
i can't deal with this .
i can't do that either .
i can't do this myself .
i can't drink any more .
i can't find my gloves .
i can't find my wallet .
i can't find the hotel .
i can't go any farther .
i can't go any further .
i can't hear very well .
i can't just stay here .
i can't just walk away .
i can't pick this lock .
i can't read your mind .
i can't really do that .
i can't see him either .
i can't sleep at night .
i can't stand that guy .
i can't stand the cold .
i can't tell my family .
i can't wait that long .
i can't wait to shower .
i caught an awful cold .
i could never harm you .
i could never hurt you .
i could use some sleep .
i couldn't see a thing .
i cried all night long .
i decided to try again .
i did do some checking .
i didn't get your name .
i didn't have a choice .
i didn't hear a splash .
i didn't know you then .
i didn't read the book .
i didn't see it happen .
i didn't want that job .
i do have one question .
i don't agree with him .
i don't agree with you .
i don't believe in god .
i don't drink or smoke .
i don't even like fish .
i don't feel safe here .
i don't feel very good .
i don't feel very well .
i don't have a bedtime .
i don't have a bicycle .
i don't have all night .
i don't have an answer .
i don't have any money .
i don't have much time .
i don't have the money .
i don't know much else .
i don't know that word .
i don't know the facts .
i don't know the truth .
i don't know this game .
i don't know who knows .
i don't know your name .
i don't like that name .
i don't like the beach .
i don't like the ocean .
i don't like this book .
i don't like this game .
i don't like this idea .
i don't like your boss .
i don't like your name .
i don't like your tone .
i don't look like that .
i don't make the rules .
i don't need a haircut .
i don't need a lecture .
i don't need an excuse .
i don't need an office .
i don't need your help .
i don't plan on losing .
i don't play that game .
i don't quite know yet .
i don't regret a thing .
i don't see any damage .
i don't see the appeal .
i don't see your point .
i don't talk like that .
i don't think it's odd .
i don't want any fruit .
i don't want your gold .
i don't work like that .
i enjoy being with you .
i enjoyed it very much .
i even work on sundays .
i feel great right now .
i feel like seeing you .
i feel secure with him .
i fell asleep in class .
i fell down the stairs .
i felt guilty about it .
i felt the floor shake .
i felt the house shake .
i figured it out alone .
i filled in the blanks .
i found a real bargain .
i found my car missing .
i gather you were hurt .
i go skiing very often .
i got a traffic ticket .
i got it for christmas .
i got lost three times .
i got the engine going .
i got tired of waiting .
i grew up in australia .
i guess i was mistaken .
i had a busy afternoon .
i had a fantastic time .
i had a late breakfast .
i had a terrible dream .
i had a wonderful time .
i had an asthma attack .
i had my camera stolen .
i had my shoes cleaned .
i had my wallet stolen .
i had the same thought .
i had to defend myself .
i had to study english .
i had to tell somebody .
i hate these new boots .
i have a bad toothache .
i have a business visa .
i have a heart problem .
i have a loving family .
i have a poor appetite .
i have a terrible pain .
i have a test tomorrow .
i have already done it .
i have another job now .
i have been busy today .
i have done it already .
i have heard the story .
i have lots of friends .
i have many model cars .
i have no energy today .
i have nothing to lose .
i have often been here .
i have only just begun .
i have only one sister .
i have plenty of ideas .
i have plenty of money .
i have seen her before .
i have someplace to go .
i have to change tires .
i have to leave school .
i have to tell someone .
i haven't given up yet .
i haven't got a chance .
i haven't said yes yet .
i heard a woman scream .
i heard my name called .
i heard that he'd died .
i heard the door close .
i hope that it'll work .
i hope that's not true .
i hope we achieve that .
i just came from there .
i just couldn't say no .
i just didn't know how .
i just got a promotion .
i just needed some air .
i just want a vacation .
i knew before you knew .
i knew he would accept .
i knew it would happen .
i knew what tom wanted .
i knew you'd be caught .
i know a little french .
i know all the details .
i know how women think .
i know neither of them .
i know she is sleeping .
i know that's not true .
i know where tom lives .
i know where she lives .
i know why you're here .
i know you feel lonely .
i learned it in school .
i leave in the morning .
i left the window open .
i like being a teacher .
i like dark red better .
i like music very much .
i like my steak medium .
i like neither of them .
i like spring the best .
i like summer the best .
i like that one better .
i like the black shoes .
i like the color green .
i like to grow flowers .
i like to travel alone .
i live across the hall .
i live in an apartment .
i live there by myself .
i looked in the window .
i looked the other way .
i lost my favorite pen .
i love being a teacher .
i love men with beards .
i love to eat scallops .
i made tom laugh today .
i made a judgment call .
i made the woman angry .
i make lunch every day .
i met an american girl .
i must open the window .
i must return his call .
i need an extra pillow .
i never agree with him .
i never knew my father .
i never read that book .
i never think about it .
i no longer believe it .
i only eat kosher food .
i only have one sister .
i only slept two hours .
i play a little guitar .
i prefer coffee to tea .
i prefer tea to coffee .
i prefer the black one .
i prefer to work alone .
i promise i won't bite .
i promise i won't tell .
i promise to work hard .
i promised not to tell .
i quite agree with you .
i read the entire book .
i really can't be late .
i really can't do that .
i really don't get you .
i really like that car .
i really like that guy .
i really like this car .
i really like this one .
i really must be going .
i refuse to allow this .
i remember both of you .
i run a small business .
i saw tom hitting mary .
i saw a beautiful bird .
i shook hands with tom .
i should get back home .
i should get some rest .
i should read the book .
i should've worn a hat .
i slept just two hours .
i speak for all people .
i speak only the truth .
i spoke with tom today .
i spoke with my family .
i studied for one hour .
i study french at home .
i study at the library .
i study hard at school .
i suppose you like her .
i suppose you like him .
i suppose you love her .
i suppose you love him .
i sure miss my friends .
i think i'll go skiing .
i think i'm in trouble .
i think tom got scared .
i think tom is nervous .
i think tom is serious .
i think tom is unlucky .
i think tom loves mary .
i think tom wants more .
i think about it often .
i think he's too young .
i think it's too risky .
i think it's very nice .
i think that went well .
i think this will work .
i think we should quit .
i think we should talk .
i think we should wait .
i think we're too late .
i think you look great .
i think you were right .
i thought i'd lost you .
i thought tom was sick .
i thought it was funny .
i thought she was cute .
i thought she was sick .
i thought you hated me .
i thought you liked me .
i tried to act natural .
i tried to protect you .
i try to be aggressive .
i turned off the radio .
i turned on the lights .
i used to wear glasses .
i want a status report .
i want my bicycle back .
i want this one myself .
i want to learn french .
i want to learn hebrew .
i want to learn korean .
i want to learn karate .
i want to live forever .
i want to stay outside .
i want to study french .
i want to study german .
i want to surprise him .
i was hungry and angry .
i was invited to lunch .
i was just making sure .
i was not feeling well .
i was right behind tom .
i was there last night .
i was thrown off guard .
i was very tired today .
i was watching tv then .
i was wrong about that .
i was young and stupid .
i wasn't aware of that .
i wasn't scared at all .
i watch lots of movies .
i weigh about 60 kilos .
i went a different way .
i went over the report .
i went straight to bed .
i went to the hospital .
i will be more careful .
i will be very careful .
i will gladly help you .
i will not be defeated .
i wish tom would hurry .
i won't close the door .
i won't fail this time .
i work as a consultant .
i worked all this week .
i would like this book .
i would never go there .
i wouldn't count on it .
i wouldn't go that far .
i wouldn't think of it .
i'd like to be friends .
i'd like to come along .
i'd like to go cycling .
i'd like to replace it .
i'll be around all day .
i'll be busy next week .
i'll be going with you .
i'll bear that in mind .
i'll call you at seven .
i'll come back for you .
i'll cut your head off !
i'll fill you in later .
i'll go back to boston .
i'll have to work hard .
i'll keep my eyes shut .
i'll keep that in mind .
i'll leave that to you .
i'll make a phone call .
i'll rip your head off !
i'll send you the link .
i'll shoot both of you .
i'll start with a beer .
i'll take care of that .
i'll take care of this .
i'll take the next bus .
i'll talk to you later .
i'll tell you a secret .
i'll tell you my story .
i'll wait here for you .
i'll walk out with you .
i'm a few minutes late .
i'm a good taxi driver .
i'm a little bit tired .
i'm afraid of the dark .
i'm allowing you to go .
i'm anxious to see you .
i'm ashamed of my body .
i'm ashamed of my past .
i'm at an office party .
i'm at the airport now .
i'm aware of the facts .
i'm aware of the risks .
i'm busy at the moment .
i'm doing this for him .
i'm doing this for you .
i'm done with all that .
i'm getting used to it .
i'm glad i invited you .
i'm glad i left boston .
i'm glad you came over .
i'm happy for you both .
i'm happy you liked it .
i'm honored to be here .
i'm in the tennis club .
i'm just not very busy .
i'm kind of sick today .
i'm living in the city .
i'm longing to see him .
i'm looking for my key .
i'm lying on the grass .
i'm more than a friend .
i'm no friend of yours .
i'm not all that drunk .
i'm not all that smart .
i'm not an early riser .
i'm not busy right now .
i'm not happy about it .
i'm not hitting on you .
i'm not home right now .
i'm not letting you go .
i'm not making that up .
i'm not ready to fight .
i'm not sure i'm ready .
i'm not talking to tom .
i'm not talking to you .
i'm on a paid vacation .
i'm only doing my duty .
i'm pleased to see you .
i'm proud of my father .
i'm proud of my school .
i'm quite sure of that .
i'm rather proud of it .
i'm ready to leave now .
i'm ready when you are .
i'm really proud of it .
i'm sick of being sick .
i'm sick of hearing it .
i'm so bored right now .
i'm too tired to argue .
i'm too tired to drive .
i'm too tired to think .
i'm well aware of that .
i'm working on his car .
i've been kind of busy .
i've caught a bad cold .
i've got a few friends .
i've got a plastic cup .
i've got a sweet tooth .
i've got it all sorted .
i've got it right here .
i've got nowhere to go .
i've got plans for you .
i've got things to say .
i've got to leave soon .
i've got to make lunch .
i've lost all my money .
i've never lied to you .
i've never lost to tom .
i've only got one left .
i've only seen it once .
i've only used it once .
iron is a useful metal .
is tom related to mary ?
is tom still at school ?
is he any better today ?
is he interested in me ?
is her father a doctor ?
is his father a doctor ?
is it a recent picture ?
is it a social problem ?
is it always like this ?
is it always this cold ?
is it only about money ?
is that what tom meant ?
is that why you called ?
is that your real name ?
is the wound very deep ?
is there a parking lot ?
is there any more beer ?
is there any salt left ?
is there water on mars ?
is this where you live ?
is your mother at home ?
isn't that what i said ?
it all makes sense now .
it brings me great joy .
it didn't go very well .
it doesn't hurt at all .
it doesn't ring a bell .
it gives me the creeps .
it had started to rain .
it happened in a flash .
it is finally all over .
it is not his business .
it is raining hard now .
it is their last movie .
it is to his advantage .
it isn't just for show .
it just makes no sense .
it looks good on paper .
it looks like an apple .
it makes me feel dirty .
it may rain any minute .
it means nothing to me .
it might not be enough .
it might not even work .
it seems logical to me .
it seems to be serious .
it seems to be working .
it should be like this .
it sounds like a dream .
it varies a great deal .
it was a bold decision .
it was a judgment call .
it was a weird feeling .
it was a wise decision .
it was all for nothing .
it was chilly that day .
it was hard to believe .
it was never like that .
it was not an accident .
it was truly a miracle .
it was your own choice .
it wasn't all my fault .
it wasn't all that bad .
it wasn't at all funny .
it wasn't funny at all .
it wasn't made of wood .
it'll be too late then .
it's a bit further way .
it's a matter of pride .
it's a matter of taste .
it's a present for you .
it's a very quiet room .
it's all right with me .
it's almost time to go .
it's an abuse of power .
it's as simple as that .
it's bad for the heart .
it's been a long night .
it's close to my house .
it's for you to decide .
it's going to be close .
it's going to get ugly .
it's great to meet you .
it's just not worth it .
it's like one of those .
it's no trouble at all .
it's not an easy sport .
it's not far to boston .
it's not just a theory .
it's there to the left .
it's time to eat lunch .
it's time we went home .
it's too early to know .
it's too late for them .
it's your duty to vote .
it's your turn to sing .
just be glad you're ok .
just get off the stage .
just tell us the truth .
keep away from the dog .
keep it secret , please .
keep up with the times .
keep your hands off me .
let me check my wallet .
let me join your cause .
let me see your tongue .
let me think this over .
let me write that down .
let them do their jobs .
let us finish our work .
let's be clear on this .
let's begin on page 30 .
let's eat before we go .
let's get back to work .
let's get it over with .
let's go ahead and eat .
let's go to the picnic .
let's not be too hasty .
let's plug up the hole .
let's see what it does .
let's sit on the bench .
let's sit on the grass .
let's take a rest here .
let's take a short cut .
let's take a tea break .
lie on your right side .
life is like a journey .
look in the phone book .
look out of the window .
look , there's a rabbit !
love is hard to define .
may i be of assistance ?
may i borrow this book ?
may i have a signature ?
may i have a timetable ?
may i see you tomorrow ?
may i start eating now ?
may i use the bathroom ?
maybe i drink too much .
my gps works very well .
my tv has quit working .
my body aches all over .
my brother is an idiot .
my cat is following me .
my cat is really smart .
my cats will love this .
my dad bought me books .
my dad gave up alcohol .
my door is always open .
my dream has come true .
my family are all well .
my father is a teacher .
my father is very nice .
my father was an actor .
my father will kill me .
my father's car is new .
my feet are killing me .
my friend is beside me .
my friends call me tom .
my heart began to race .
my house faces the sea .
my house is like yours .
my house is your house .
my life is almost over .
my mother cooks for me .
my mother cut the cake .
my mother is a teacher .
my mother was in tears .
my nails are too short .
my nose was very runny .
my room is number five .
my shirt isn't dry yet .
my shoes are too tight .
my son can't count yet .
my son is a journalist .
my time is running out .
my uncle drives a ford .
my wife died of cancer .
my wife stayed at home .
never tell a lie again .
no one agreed with him .
no one can replace you .
no one could deny this .
no one else knows this .
no one ever comes here .
no one knows the cause .
no one will believe me .
no one will believe us .
nobody came to help me .
nobody knows it but me .
obviously , he is lying .
oh , i'm terribly sorry .
once bitten , twice shy .
our team did very well .
pass the sugar , please .
please add up the bill .
please give him a call .
please give me a break .
please turn off the tv .
put your room in order .
quit talking , will you ?
save me some ice cream .
say that again , please .
see things as they are .
see you in the morning .
selling cars is my job .
shall i carry your bag ?
shall we walk or drive ?
she always stood by me .
she asked him for help .
she asked us to dinner .
she begged him to stay .
she bowed deeply to me .
she came into the room .
she came late as usual .
she can play the piano .
she can sing very well .
she can't find her hat .
she can't have said so .
she dressed like a boy .
she fell from the tree .
she gave him a massage .
she gave him a present .
she gave him a sweater .
she gave him some food .
she got engaged to him .
she got married to him .
she had a little money .
she had her dress made .
she had white shoes on .
she handed him the key .
she has a little bread .
she has a sharp tongue .
she has never seen him .
she hung up in silence .
she is a famous singer .
she is a gifted artist .
she is cooking for him .
she is fond of animals .
she is great at skiing .
she is guilty of fraud .
she is guilty of theft .
she is his real mother .
she is used to cooking .
she is used to sitting .
she knit him a sweater .
she let the secret out .
she lied about her age .
she lived a happy life .
she lived to be ninety .
she lost her new watch .
she married a rich man .
she may be our teacher .
she must be very happy .
she picked me an apple .
she put on her sweater .
she really wants to go .
she said she was happy .
she sang as she walked .
she says she will come .
she sent him a message .
she showed me her room .
she smiled at her baby .
she started at the top .
she stood close to him .
she told me her secret .
she took a deep breath .
she tried a third time .
she used to drink beer .
she wanted to be alone .
she was about to leave .
she was born last year .
she was dressed in red .
she was pale with fear .
she went there to swim .
she will get well soon .
she wore a white dress .
she'll lend you a book .
she's a very nice girl .
she's always on the go .
she's at the hotel now .
she's being nice to me .
she's lost her car key .
should i go to college ?
should we wait for tom ?
smoking is a bad habit .
so what do you suggest ?
so what's the plan now ?
someone is at the door .
stay out of my kitchen .
take aim at the target .
take me to your leader .
take the money and run .
tell tom what you mean .
tell me what you think .
tell me where you went .
tell me which you want .
tell us all the gossip .
ten years have gone by .
tennis is loads of fun .
thank you ever so much .
thank you for the link .
that better not be tom .
that boy is really shy .
that cost me a fortune .
that house is for rent .
that house is for sale .
that is a leather belt .
that is an actual fact .
that is not your knife .
that looks good on you .
that looks kind of fun .
that person is like me .
that was a great movie .
that was a great party .
that was a nice speech .
that would be very sad .
that'll be all for now .
that's a very bad idea .
that's all i have left .
that's also a bad idea .
that's cheap , isn't it ?
that's good news to me .
that's how he likes it .
that's not a bad guess .
that's not a bad start .
that's not a bad thing .
that's not in the file .
that's not what i hear .
that's not what i said .
that's not what i want .
that's right , isn't it ?
that's weird , isn't it ?
that's what i told her .
that's what i told him .
that's why i came late .
that's why i trust you .
that's why we want you .
the baby is growing up .
the boss is very upset .
the boy is very honest .
the bus will come soon .
the cat caught a mouse .
the cat ruined my sofa .
the clouds hid the sun .
the day is almost over .
the day isn't over yet .
the dog must be hungry .
the dog ran towards me .
the door may be locked .
the door was wide open .
the door will not open .
the eggs are still hot .
the first time is free .
the girl has no mother .
the hunter shot a bear .
the job is almost done .
the knife is not sharp .
the lights are all off .
the line is busy again .
the man died of cancer .
the man robbed her bag .
the news can't be true .
the news made me happy .
the old book was moldy .
the pizza's on the way .
the plan was a success .
the rain began to fall .
the rain lasted a week .
the real heroes are us .
the river is deep here .
the shoes are worn out .
the snow was knee deep .
the sooner , the better .
the statue has no head .
the steak is well done .
the tea is boiling hot .
the train came on time .
the train left on time .
the wind has died down .
the wind is cold today .
their loss is our gain .
there is no dress code .
there is no going back .
there is no sugar here .
there is no wind today .
there is not much hope .
there was no one about .
there's no way to know .
there's no way to tell .
these all belong to me .
they agreed on a price .
they all look the same .
they are jealous of us .
they basked in the sun .
they can't all be full .
they chose me for that .
they cut down the tree .
they don't talk at all .
they got into the boat .
they had no money left .
they have an extra bed .
they have no more wine .
they hid in the cellar .
they left him for dead .
they let her marry him .
they live in a commune .
they live in a mansion .
they live in this town .
they make a great team .
they say love is blind .
they seem to trust you .
they talk all the time .
they went to the beach .
they will be very glad .
they're in the hot tub .
they're out to get you .
things got out of hand .
this cd belongs to her .
this coat fits me well .
this doll has big eyes .
this exam is very easy .
this food is too salty .
this guy is really hot .
this house is for rent .
this is a good bargain .
this is a great theory .
this is a major crisis .
this is a public beach .
this is a wooden table .
this is all so strange .
this is all your fault .
this is an ancient law .
this is kind of boring .
this is my final offer .
this is my old bicycle .
this is no one's fault .
this is non - negotiable .
this is not a hospital .
this is not a sentence .
this is out of control .
this is the last straw .
this is the last train .
this is the real world .
this is where he lives .
this is your lucky day .
this isn't a bad thing .
this job has no future .
this job is killing me .
this joke is not funny .
this land is your land .
this looks like a trap .
this meat has gone bad .
this must be a mistake .
this pen belongs to me .
this plan has no flaws .
this reminds me of tom .
this reminds me of you .
this room is very warm .
this shoe fits me well .
this soup is too spicy .
this spoon is for soup .
this tea is too bitter .
this thin book is mine .
this was a long letter .
this won't hurt at all .
time is of the essence .
tom also has a brother .
tom amazes me at times .
tom and mary have gone .
tom and mary were busy .
tom backed up his data .
tom can't help you now .
tom could go to prison .
tom didn't die in vain .
tom didn't tell me why .
tom didn't wear a suit .
tom doesn't have a cat .
tom doesn't have a dad .
tom doesn't have a job .
tom doesn't need to go .
tom dyed his hair blue .
tom fell off the chair .
tom gave me this watch .
tom had a panic attack .
tom had nothing to say .
tom has never met mary .
tom has written a book .
tom insisted that i go .
tom is a boston native .
tom is an avid cyclist .
tom is close to thirty .
tom is doing great now .
tom is doing just fine .
tom is good at biology .
tom is good at writing .
tom is in great danger .
tom is married to mary .
tom is my son's friend .
tom is no ordinary man .
tom is older than mary .
tom is on life support .
tom is our best player .
tom is our team leader .
tom is perfect for you .
tom is someone i trust .
tom is waiting for you .
tom is walking his dog .
tom is yelling at mary .
tom isn't a lazy child .
tom isn't good - looking .
tom isn't happy at all .
tom knows what you did .
tom makes me feel safe .
tom means what he says .
tom met john in prison .
tom might be a traitor .
tom never did it again .
tom pulled out his gun .
tom said he enjoyed it .
tom said he was afraid .
tom says he won't vote .
tom slept on the train .
tom split up with mary .
tom stared at his feet .
tom told me about mary .
tom took a cold shower .
tom took off his shirt .
tom took the wrong bus .
tom tried to keep calm .
tom tried to save mary .
tom wants to be famous .
tom wants to say hello .
tom was killed by mary .
tom was kissed by mary .
tom was like a brother .
tom was reading a book .
tom wasn't in his room .
tom will never give up .
tom will never make it .
tom won't go to prison .
tom won't let you down .
tomorrow is my day off .
turn toward me , please .
two ice creams , please .
was tom asked to leave ?
was anyone in the room ?
was it a hard decision ?
was that weird for you ?
watch out for that man .
we acted in good faith .
we agree on this point .
we all have missed you .
we all have our orders .
we can make some money .
we can't do this again .
we can't go back there .
we can't just sit here .
we can't take the risk .
we can't turn back now .
we could be happy here .
we danced to the music .
we do need your advice .
we don't have a garden .
we don't have the time .
we don't like the rain .
we had a narrow escape .
we had some good times .
we have an orange tree .
we have no extra money .
we have plenty of time .
we have plenty of wine .
we have to act quickly .
we have to be cautious .
we have to go shopping .
we haven't seen it yet .
we heard the door shut .
we just don't know why .
we know all about that .
we live in the suburbs .
we make sake from rice .
we may still get lucky .
we met her by accident .
we must obey the rules .
we need some help here .
we need to be prepared .
we need to go shopping .
we played on the beach .
we prefer to stay here .
we ran after the thief .
we ran around the park .
we thank you very much !
we walked to the river .
we want our money back .
we will make it public .
we will win the battle .
we would like to leave .
we're all out of booze .
we're all sure of that .
we're also out of eggs .
we're doing all we can .
we're in the same boat .
we're on the same side .
we've run out of water .
well , have you decided ?
what a bunch of idiots !
what a waste of energy !
what are you afraid of ?
what are you all doing ?
what are you two doing ?
what can all that mean ?
what choice did i have ?
what choice do we have ?
what color do you like ?
what could it all mean ?
what did tom offer you ?
what did they bring me ?
what did your wife say ?
what does it feel like ?
what does it look like ?
what does that tell us ?
what does the cat want ?
what else can go wrong ?
what good will that do ?
what has become of him ?
what have i done wrong ?
what if he should fail ?
what if there's a leak ?
what if we should fail ?
what illness do i have ?
what is all that stuff ?
what is all this stuff ?
what is butter made of ?
what is my room number ?
what is the book about ?
what is this thing for ?
what is wrong with her ?
what is wrong with him ?
what made you so angry ?
what movie did you see ?
what she said is wrong .
what should i be doing ?
what should i look for ?
what time can you come ?
what time do you close ?
what time does it open ?
what was he doing here ?
what were we afraid of ?
what will become of me ?
what you did was wrong .
what's in front of you ?
what's the fun in that ?
when did you finish it ?
when did you get there ?
when is he coming back ?
when will we get there ?
where are the car keys ?
where can i buy bricks ?
where can i buy snacks ?
where can i buy stamps ?
where could the cat be ?
where did it come from ?
where did the money go ?
where did you get that ?
where do we even begin ?
where do you come from ?
where do you have pain ?
where does that bus go ?
where is the red cross ?
which book do you need ?
which film did you see ?
which one should i use ?
which way is the beach ?
which way should we go ?
who are we working for ?
who are you going with ?
who are you talking to ?
who are you there with ?
who are you voting for ?
who ate the last donut ?
who did you meet there ?
who did you speak with ?
who is calling , please ?
who is she speaking to ?
who left the door open ?
who told you the story ?
who will foot the bill ?
who'd want to hire tom ?
why am i not surprised ?
why are we helping tom ?
why are you busy today ?
why are you doing this ?
why are you helping me ?
why are you still here ?
why did you come early ?
why didn't she tell me ?
why didn't you do that ?
why didn't you tell me ?
why do you need change ?
why do you want stamps ?
why don't you call tom ?
why don't you go ahead ?
why don't you sit down ?
why don't you sit here ?
why don't you take off ?
why don't you trust me ?
why not see the doctor ?
why should i even care ?
why should we harm you ?
why was i not informed ?
why were you in prison ?
why would i be nervous ?
why would you ask that ?
why would you say that ?
will he ever come back ?
will she get well soon ?
will we arrive in time ?
will we arrive on time ?
will you dance with me ?
will you drive me home ?
will you join our club ?
will you open the door ?
will you take me there ?
women are all the same .
won't you come with me ?
won't you take a chair ?
would you come with us ?
would you hand me that ?
would you just shut up ?
would you like a drink ?
would you like a taste ?
would you like to come ?
would you like to sing ?
would you play with me ?
you are a good student .
you are my best friend .
you are not our friend .
you are taller than me .
you are the chosen one .
you can read this book .
you can take your time .
you can use my bicycle .
you can't come with us .
you can't do that here .
you can't go out there .
you can't go right now .
you can't hate the guy .
you can't have the job .
you can't keep me here .
you can't keep us here .
you can't kill us both .
you can't make us stop .
you can't ride a horse .
you can't win them all .
you could have told me .
you didn't have to ask .
you didn't have to lie .
you don't have a fever .
you don't have to come .
you don't have to sing .
you don't have to talk .
you don't look so well .
you don't need my help .
you don't need one now .
you don't need to know .
you don't need to wait .
you don't seem so busy .
you don't want to know .
you have a good memory .
you have a point there .
you have changed a lot .
you have to be careful .
you have to be patient .
you haven't aged a day .
you knew i was married .
you know i don't dance .
you know what they say .
you leave me no choice .
you look just like him .
you look like a baboon .
you look like your dad .
you made a big mistake .
you made a wise choice .
you may kiss the bride .
you might have told me .
you must do it quickly .
you must do this alone .
you must meet with her .
you must meet with him .
you must start at once .
you need to be careful .
you need to study more .
you never get my jokes .
you never told me that .
you ought to thank him .
you owe tom an apology .
you should be a writer .
you should go home now .
you should relax a bit .
you should stay in bed .
you should talk to tom .
you stay away from her .
you took the wrong key .
you were late for work .
you will soon get well .
you won't be the first .
you won't feel a thing .
you'd better go by bus .
you'd better go to bed .
you'd better not do it .
you're shy , aren't you ?
you're such a cute boy .
you're such a mean man .
you're such a pack rat .
you've got a black eye .
you've got to try this .
you've run out of time .
your o's look like a's .
your life is in danger .
your o's look like a's .
a cold wind was blowing .
a fire broke out nearby .
a horse passed my house .
a little louder , please .
a promise is not enough .
a square has four sides .
all my friends like tom .
all my friends say that .
all my homework is done .
all of us were homesick .
all of you look healthy .
all our food was rotten .
all the boxes are empty .
all the lights went out .
all the rooms are taken .
any child could do that .
apples are red or green .
are they open on sunday ?
are you afraid of death ?
are you doing all right ?
are you free on tuesday ?
are you going to school ?
are you good at cooking ?
are you growing a beard ?
are you happy right now ?
are you happy with that ?
are you here on holiday ?
are you listening to me ?
are you off your rocker ?
are you referring to me ?
are you sure about that ?
are you sure about this ?
are you the new teacher ?
are you tired of living ?
are you waiting for tom ?
are your parents in now ?
ask her what she bought .
ask me again in october .
at least i'll die happy .
be kind to the children .
be nicer to your sister .
beautiful day , isn't it ?
beauty is but skin deep .
black cats are bad luck .
blame it on the weather .
can i ask you something ?
can i drive the tractor ?
can i get you something ?
can i stay here tonight ?
can i take your picture ?
can she play the guitar ?
can you do this problem ?
can you eat raw oysters ?
can you guess the price ?
can you lift this stone ?
can you lower the price ?
can you open the window ?
can you play the violin ?
can you read this kanji ?
can you really not swim ?
can you see the picture ?
can you stay for dinner ?
can't he ride a bicycle ?
carry on with your work .
charge it to my account .
china is a huge country .
choose a dress you like .
choose the one you like .
close your eyes , please .
come down from the tree .
come on , answer quickly .
correct me if i'm wrong .
could i borrow your car ?
could i have some water ?
could i see you tonight ?
could i use your pencil ?
could you call me later ?
could you pass the salt ?
cut the pie into slices .
did i hurt his feelings ?
did anybody else see it ?
did they write a letter ?
did you actually see it ?
did you already do that ?
did you clean your room ?
did you come here alone ?
did you enjoy the movie ?
did you enjoy your meal ?
did you find your purse ?
did you hear that sound ?
did you mention my book ?
did you pack any snacks ?
did you settle the bill ?
did you sleep all right ?
did you wash your hands ?
did you write this book ?
did you write your name ?
did your wish come true ?
dinner is ready , father .
do they have a computer ?
do you accept visa card ?
do you feel like eating ?
do you have a boyfriend ?
do you have a cellphone ?
do you have a timetable ?
do you have any aspirin ?
do you have any pencils ?
do you have any sisters ?
do you have any tattoos ?
do you have enough time ?
do you have the vaccine ?
do you know tom jackson ?
do you know anyone here ?
do you know his brother ?
do you like french wine ?
do you like the corsage ?
do you like this blouse ?
do you like this garden ?
do you live around here ?
do you love your mother ?
do you play tennis well ?
do you really mean that ?
do you sell sport shoes ?
do you shower every day ?
do you think i'm joking ?
do you think i'm pretty ?
do you think i'm stupid ?
do you want fruit juice ?
do you want some coffee ?
does tom believe in god ?
does anyone want a beer ?
does he have many books ?
does she play the piano ?
don't ask me that again .
don't bother to call me .
don't climb up the wall .
don't come into my room .
don't count on his help .
don't drag me into this .
don't ever say her name .
don't forget to call me .
don't give me that look .
don't give up the fight .
don't go out after dark .
don't let him read this .
don't look into the box .
don't make me shoot you .
don't make me wait long .
don't mess up my system .
don't pull the plug yet .
don't read in this room .
don't sit on that bench .
don't stay up all night .
don't tell her about it .
don't tell me he's dead .
don't use his real name .
don't walk on the grass .
don't watch too much tv .
don't you ever call tom ?
don't you know his name ?
eat up all your spinach !
europe is not a country .
even a child knows that .
every man has his price .
father is angry with me .
father is having a bath .
father is in his office .
fill the tires with air .
get me something to eat .
get out of here quickly !
give tom back his money .
give me a ring tomorrow .
give me a second chance .
give me all the details .
give me back my glasses .
give me one good reason .
give us a ride downtown .
glass is made from sand .
great weather , isn't it ?
guess what that cost me .
has tom always been fat ?
has anyone asked for me ?
has the fever gone down ?
have i kept you waiting ?
have we ever met before ?
have you been to boston ?
have you been waited on ?
have you called her yet ?
have you called him yet ?
have you chosen a topic ?
have you got some money ?
have you heard from her ?
have you heard from him ?
have you lost your mind ?
have you met anyone yet ?
have you seen my camera ?
have you written a book ?
hawks are birds of prey .
he acted like a lunatic .
he added to his savings .
he and i are classmates .
he asked for more money .
he asked for some money .
he behaved like a child .
he behaves like a child .
he bought her a sweater .
he bought himself a dog .
he bowed to his teacher .
he broke his leg skiing .
he called her bad names .
he came back after dark .
he came back from china .
he can't cook very well .
he can't know the truth .
he carried out his plan .
he caught a large trout .
he chose them at random .
he cleared out his desk .
he continued to mock me .
he couldn't get the job .
he cut down on drinking .
he decided to marry her .
he didn't keep his word .
he didn't want to leave .
he does not like tennis .
he does nothing but cry .
he does well in physics .
he doesn't eat raw fish .
he doesn't have to know .
he doesn't like to lose .
he doesn't listen to me .
he doesn't look his age .
he doesn't need to know .
he doesn't need to work .
he doesn't seem to care .
he drinks too much beer .
he dropped to his knees .
he drowned in the river .
he finally got his wish .
he fought until the end .
he found out the secret .
he goes there every day .
he got across the river .
he got tired of reading .
he got what he deserved .
he happened to be there .
he has a pleasant voice .
he has a tight schedule .
he has already gone out .
he has already said yes .
he has come from boston .
he has gone to hokkaido .
he has no more strength .
he has seen better days .
he has to speak english .
he has written a letter .
he is japanese by birth .
he is a famous composer .
he is a friendly person .
he is a great scientist .
he is a medical student .
he is a tennis champion .
he is boiling with rage .
he is drawing a picture .
he is fluent in chinese .
he is fluent in english .
he is fond of adventure .
he is hated by everyone .
he is having coffee now .
he is known to everyone .
he is not himself today .
he is poor at chemistry .
he is putting on weight .
he is quite a gentleman .
he is respected by them .
he is smelling the soup .
he is tall and handsome .
he is used to traveling .
he isn't coming , either .
he keeps his room clean .
he kept on telling lies .
he left the window open .
he lives here all alone .
he lives near the beach .
he lives on this street .
he made a grave mistake .
he made her a bookshelf .
he mailed a letter home .
he married a local girl .
he never keeps his word .
he never loses his head .
he never stops to think .
he no longer lives here .
he no longer works here .
he objected to our plan .
he plays the piano well .
he plugged in the radio .
he promised not to tell .
he pulled open the door .
he put the luggage down .
he reached for the book .
he really ticked me off .
he saved me from danger .
he seems to be friendly .
he seems unable to swim .
he squashed my hat flat .
he stamped out the fire .
he stood all by himself .
he stuck to his promise .
he thinks he knows best .
he thinks he's a genius .
he thinks he's so great .
he thought up an excuse .
he took advantage of me .
he took off his clothes .
he took off his glasses .
he took the first prize .
he turned off the light .
he was a roman catholic .
he was a great musician .
he was a trusted friend .
he was accused of theft .
he was acting on orders .
he was born in nagasaki .
he was brought to tears .
he was checking you out .
he was covered with mud .
he was crushed to death .
he was guilty of murder .
he was not feeling well .
he was seized with fear .
he was sent into combat .
he was supposed to come .
he went there in person .
he whistled for his dog .
he will always be there .
he will always love her .
he will be back shortly .
he won't leave me alone .
he won't leave us alone .
he'll be a good husband .
he'll be here real soon .
he'll lend you his book .
he'll take care of that .
he's a chinese - american .
he's a lovely young man .
he's a short order cook .
he's a very hard worker .
he's angry at the world .
he's going to get fired .
he's going to love this .
he's now short of money .
he's on the dance floor .
he's too young to drink .
he's very upset by this .
he's wearing a new coat .
her daughter is a nurse .
her story can't be true .
here is my phone number .
his birthday is may 5th .
his daughter is a nurse .
his mother was a singer .
hold it with both hands .
how about taking a walk ?
how could it not matter ?
how could they not know ?
how did things turn out ?
how do i get reimbursed ?
how is the family doing ?
how long do dreams last ?
how long is this bridge ?
how long were you there ?
how long will this take ?
how many hours are left ?
how many more are there ?
how much are the lilies ?
how much does that cost ?
how much does this cost ?
how much is the express ?
how much is this camera ?
how often do you shower ?
how old is the universe ?
how old is your brother ?
i admit i was surprised .
i almost never watch tv .
i already gave you half .
i always walk to school .
i am an english teacher .
i am disgusted with him .
i am eighteen years old .
i am following that car .
i am not going anywhere .
i am reading a magazine .
i am the fastest runner .
i asked where she lived .
i ate a turkey sandwich .
i baked it this morning .
i brought you a present .
i brought you red roses .
i call her pretty often .
i can hardly believe it .
i can tell you're angry .
i can't believe i cried .
i can't believe my ears .
i can't believe my eyes .
i can't break this code .
i can't catch my breath .
i can't do this anymore .
i can't figure this out .
i can't find my luggage .
i can't help doing that .
i can't just do nothing .
i can't keep doing this .
i can't live without tv .
i can't say i'm shocked .
i can't stand the noise .
i can't stand this heat .
i can't stay for dinner .
i can't take it anymore .
i can't talk about that .
i can't untie this knot .
i can't wait any longer .
i could hardly hear him .
i could use some advice .
i couldn't tell you why .
i cried on his shoulder .
i danced all night long .
i did a little research .
i didn't change a thing .
i didn't have much time .
i didn't know it before .
i didn't lose much time .
i didn't make the rules .
i didn't need your help .
i didn't see any tigers .
i didn't speak for long .
i didn't start all this .
i do not understand her .
i do not understand you .
i do think i understand .
i don't agree with this .
i don't believe in fate .
i don't believe in luck .
i don't believe my eyes .
i don't care for coffee .
i don't drink much beer .
i don't drink much wine .
i don't even know where .
i don't feel so special .
i don't feel very happy .
i don't find that funny .
i don't get modern jazz .
i don't have a computer .
i don't have a passport .
i don't have any choice .
i don't have enough ram .
i don't have my glasses .
i don't have the answer .
i don't have the energy .
i don't have the number .
i don't have the option .
i don't hear any voices .
i don't know about that .
i don't like fried fish .
i don't like hot places .
i don't like loose ends .
i don't like sad movies .
i don't like that woman .
i don't like the coffee .
i don't like this place .
i don't like you either .
i don't like your smile .
i don't need it anymore .
i don't need your money .
i don't really know why .
i don't really know you .
i don't really like him .
i don't really like you .
i don't really think so .
i don't see any bruises .
i don't see any options .
i don't see any problem .
i don't see much choice .
i don't see the problem .
i don't sound like that .
i don't think about you .
i don't think it's true .
i don't trust his story .
i don't want it anymore .
i don't want this shirt .
i don't watch that show .
i don't work for anyone .
i don't work on mondays .
i don't write the rules .
i eat dinner after work .
i eat there every night .
i enjoy being a teacher .
i enjoy eating with you .
i envy your good health .
i feel a little awkward .
i feel awful about that .
i feel kind of nauseous .
i feel like an impostor .
i feel like an outsider .
i feel like being alone .
i feel like throwing up .
i feel lost without you .
i feel relaxed with you .
i felt myself lifted up .
i figured you'd be here .
i finally found my keys .
i flunked out of school .
i folded all the towels .
i forgot all about that .
i forgot the pin number .
i found my bicycle gone .
i found the book boring .
i gave you fair warning .
i got one for christmas .
i guess it won't matter .
i had a bad stomachache .
i had a happy childhood .
i had a nosebleed today .
i had a quick breakfast .
i had my bicycle stolen .
i had no visitors today .
i had no work yesterday .
i had the door repaired .
i hate the weather here .
i hate what i've become .
i have a tight schedule .
i have a weird neighbor .
i have an ear infection .
i have an exam tomorrow .
i have an older brother .
i have done my homework .
i have finished my work .
i have just eaten lunch .
i have little money now .
i have lost my umbrella .
i have no time tomorrow .
i have often been there .
i have to take medicine .
i have to work tomorrow .
i have two big brothers .
i haven't eaten all day .
i haven't talked to tom .
i heard a noise outside .
i heard a strange sound .
i hope it stops raining .
i hope you'll come back .
i hope you're not alone .
i hope you're well paid .
i just don't believe it .
i just feel so helpless .
i just got your message .
i just like to daydream .
i knew it was unhealthy .
i knew it wouldn't last .
i knew it wouldn't work .
i knew something was up .
i knew they were coming .
i know i'm not dreaming .
i know tom isn't guilty .
i know a little spanish .
i know his brother well .
i know myself very well .
i know nothing about it .
i know nothing but this .
i know someone was here .
i know you're not lying .
i know you've been busy .
i learned from the best .
i let my teammates down .
i like hanging out here .
i like shopping on ebay .
i like singing with tom .
i like skiing very much .
i like tennis very much .
i like to draw pictures .
i like to study english .
i like working with you .
i listened to her story .
i listened to his story .
i live three doors down .
i locked the front door .
i looked at the picture .
i looked out the window .
i lost everything i had .
i love being around him .
i love to take pictures .
i met him several times .
i missed the school bus !
i must be getting close .
i need an extra blanket .
i need some good advice .
i need something to eat .
i need to get something .
i never do any exercise .
i never really knew tom .
i never thought of that .
i never visit my sister .
i often have bad dreams .
i only went inside once .
i paid him five dollars .
i painted the gate blue .
i passed by four houses .
i play volleyball a lot .
i prefer mutton to beef .
i prefer spring to fall .
i promise i'll be quiet .
i put it here somewhere .
i really didn't do much .
i really don't envy you .
i really don't think so .
i really like city life .
i really like that girl .
i really like your work .
i really need the money .
i really need your help .
i refuse to accept that .
i refuse to answer that .
i refused to believe it .
i regret having said so .
i saw him play baseball .
i saw somebody kiss tom .
i scarcely slept a wink .
i should've worn a coat .
i showed him who's boss .
i slept aboard the ship .
i slept well last night .
i sold my books cheaply .
i speak a few languages .
i speak a little german .
i stared at the ceiling .
i still believe in love .
i still don't feel safe .
i stretched out my legs .
i study english at home .
i suggest we get moving .
i suggest you get going .
i suppose it might work .
i suppose it's my fault .
i suppose we could walk .
i suppose you are right .
i swim almost every day .
i think i am overworked .
i think i see something .
i think i understand it .
i think i'd rather walk .
i think i'm going crazy .
i think tom believed me .
i think tom is cheating .
i think tom is generous .
i think tom is impolite .
i think tom is reliable .
i think tom is sleeping .
i think about tom often .
i think about her often .
i think about him often .
i think about you often .
i think he will succeed .
i think it's going well .
i think my parents know .
i think this is perfect .
i think we're all right .
i think we're safe here .
i think we're too young .
i think you should quit .
i think you should swim .
i think you'd better go .
i think you're an idiot .
i thought i heard music .
i thought he might come .
i thought he was honest .
i thought he would come .
i thought it was stupid .
i thought nothing of it .
i thought this was mine .
i thought we could talk .
i thought we were happy .
i thought you went home .
i thought you were dead .
i thought you'd be here .
i thought you'd like it .
i told everyone to duck .
i tried again and again .
i trust we're all alone .
i turned the lights out .
i understand it all now .
i used to love swimming .
i usually do the dishes .
i want something to eat .
i want this room sealed .
i want to eat something .
i want to learn english .
i want to press charges .
i want to study english .
i want to study history .
i wanted to go swimming .
i wanted to impress you .
i wanted to protect you .
i wanted to slap myself .
i was hoping you'd know .
i was not studying then .
i was really very happy .
i was speaking with tom .
i was taken by surprise .
i was worried about you .
i wasn't able to escape .
i wasn't busy last week .
i wasn't looking at you .
i wasn't talking to you .
i watched it on youtube .
i went fishing with tom .
i will always love mary .
i will ask him tomorrow .
i will make some coffee .
i wish we'd met earlier .
i won't be needing this .
i won't come back again .
i won't see him anymore .
i won't stay here alone .
i wonder how that works .
i work during the night .
i work in this building .
i worry about my future .
i'd better not eat that .
i'd have waited for you .
i'd like my coffee weak .
i'd like three of these .
i'd like to believe you .
i'd like to borrow this .
i'd like to get married .
i'd like to get started .
i'd like to play tennis .
i'd rather be in boston .
i'd rather not eat this .
i'd rather stay than go .
i'll act on your advice .
i'll be back right away .
i'll be checking on you .
i'll be late for school !
i'll be praying for you .
i'll be ready next time .
i'll come to your place .
i'll do all the talking .
i'll give you a present .
i'll have her come here .
i'll keep my mouth shut .
i'll let you know later .
i'll never let you down .
i'll never work for you .
i'll put some coffee on .
i'll see you next month .
i'll sleep on the floor .
i'll sleep on the futon .
i'll take care of these .
i'll take care of those .
i'll try to contact tom .
i'm a little bit hungry .
i'm a married woman now .
i'm afraid for his life .
i'm afraid it will rain .
i'm at a friend's house .
i'm charmed to meet you .
i'm doing this for them .
i'm done with my chores .
i'm faithful to my wife .
i'm fed up with english .
i'm from the east coast .
i'm from the west coast .
i'm fully aware of that .
i'm glad you enjoyed it .
i'm glad you invited me .
i'm going to start over .
i'm going to the police .
i'm here to protect you .
i'm just a little bored .
i'm just a little dizzy .
i'm just a poor student .
i'm just an average guy .
i'm just trying to help .
i'm looking for a house .
i'm loved by my parents .
i'm not afraid of death .
i'm not afraid to fight .
i'm not from this world .
i'm not good at fishing .
i'm not good with names .
i'm not happy with this .
i'm not home on sundays .
i'm not paying for this .
i'm not quite done here .
i'm not quite ready yet .
i'm not really that old .
i'm not scared of dying .
i'm not so sure anymore .
i'm not sure about that .
i'm not sure about this .
i'm not to be disturbed .
i'm not wasting my time .
i'm not working for tom .
i'm old enough to drink .
i'm playing with my cat .
i'm pleased to meet you .
i'm pretty good at math .
i'm proud of my brother .
i'm ready for the fight .
i'm really proud of you .
i'm sick of her excuses .
i'm sorry i'm so stupid .
i'm still not buying it .
i'm still not ready yet .
i'm still working on it .
i'm sure tom can't swim .
i'm sure about his name .
i'm too sleepy to drive .
i'm very busy this week .
i'm waiting for a train .
i'm waiting for the bus .
i'm willing to help him .
i'm younger than i look .
i've been busy all week .
i've been writing a lot .
i've done no such thing .
i've found a better way .
i've got a bad hangover .
i've got nothing to say .
i've got plenty of food .
i've got plenty of room .
i've got plenty of time .
i've had enough of this .
i've known it all along .
i've never heard of him .
i've never heard of you .
i've only seen him once .
i've ordered you a beer .
i've read all about you .
i've worked all my life .
is tom a french teacher ?
is tom always like this ?
is tom living in boston ?
is he married or single ?
is her father a teacher ?
is it about ten o'clock ?
is it all under control ?
is it any warmer inside ?
is it raining right now ?
is she interested in me ?
is that a bottle opener ?
is that black bag yours ?
is the fish still alive ?
is there another way in ?
is there anyone in here ?
is this what you wanted ?
is your father a doctor ?
isn't he a little young ?
isn't one of you enough ?
it all seems so strange .
it can't be that simple .
it could be big trouble .
it feels like an orange .
it gives me the shivers .
it happens all the time .
it is not for beginners .
it is pretty cold today .
it is pretty warm today .
it is rather warm today .
it is their only choice .
it isn't the same thing .
it looks a little heavy .
it may freeze next week .
it may rain around noon .
it needs to be repaired .
it should be no problem .
it snowed for four days .
it took exactly an hour .
it was a perfect moment .
it was a strange affair .
it was an exciting game .
it was not my intention .
it was obviously a joke .
it was quiet all around .
it went without a hitch .
it will be hot tomorrow .
it won't take that long .
it's a quarter to three .
it's all behind you now .
it's all your own fault .
it's always worth a try .
it's back to square one .
it's because i love him .
it's because i love you .
it's been so many years .
it's been taken care of .
it's entirely up to you .
it's fun to play tennis .
it's going to be tricky .
it's no concern of mine .
it's not at all typical .
it's not gonna bite you .
it's not in my contract .
it's not like you think .
it's not the first time .
it's not the real thing .
it's not the same thing .
it's not what you think .
it's not worth the pain .
it's possible , isn't it ?
it's shocking , isn't it ?
it's time to plan ahead .
japan is a rich country .
just let me handle this .
just shut up and listen .
just take a deep breath .
just tell him the truth .
keep away from the fire .
let's drop by his house .
let's get back on topic .
let's hope for the best .
let's make a phone call .
let's not talk about it .
let's rest a little bit .
let's see if that works .
let's sing a happy song .
life is a great mystery .
lock the door behind me .
london is on the thames .
look at all these boxes .
look at that big hammer .
look at the setting sun .
look , i'm being serious .
luck turned in my favor .
luck's on my side today .
making cheese is an art .
many of the people died .
mary dyed her hair blue .
mary needs a dozen eggs .
may i ask you something ?
may i borrow your knife ?
may i borrow your phone ?
may i call you tomorrow ?
may i see your passport ?
may i take your picture ?
may i use the telephone ?
measure twice , cut once .
most boys know his name .
most of the plants died .
my arm is hurting badly .
my bedroom is too small .
my body itches all over .
my boss was very strict .
my brother has no money .
my father gets up early .
my father is very tired .
my father isn't at home .
my father was a teacher .
my hair is getting long .
my mother gets up early .
my mother made me study .
my mother set the table .
my room has two windows .
my room is always clean .
my sister has long legs .
my sister is bugging me .
my strength is all gone .
my uncle died of cancer .
my uncle made a fortune .
my wife is a vegetarian .
my wife loves apple pie .
my wife works part time .
next year will be worse .
no one else was injured .
no one knows the answer .
no one knows the reason .
no one knows their name .
no one voted against it .
no one will believe him .
no one will believe you .
no proof was ever found .
nobody came to help him .
nobody knew what to say .
nobody knows how i feel .
nobody wants to do that .
not every bird can sing .
now i'm a little scared .
now's the time to apply .
of course , i understand .
oil and water don't mix .
oil will float on water .
paper is made from wood .
pardon me for saying so .
peel two of the bananas .
people want to own land .
perhaps you can beat me .
please ask tom to leave .
please bring me my bill .
please call me a doctor .
please come and help me .
please come to my house .
please keep it a secret .
please lend me your car .
please pass me the salt .
please say hello to her .
please show me the menu .
please sum up your idea .
please tell him to wait .
please tell me about it .
please write with a pen .
poland is a big country .
push the button , please .
quit acting like a baby .
raise up your left hand .
she aimed at the target .
she always got up early .
she always smiles at me .
she and i usually agree .
she answered with a nod .
she asked me a question .
she bought a dozen eggs .
she bought him a camera .
she bought him a ticket .
she burst into the room .
she came with good news .
she can't find her keys .
she can't write or read .
she does not like sushi .
she doesn't speak to me .
she forgot to write him .
she gave a vague answer .
she gave me good advice .
she had a narrow escape .
she had a perfect alibi .
she hardly talks at all .
she has a beautiful tan .
she has a large mansion .
she has to stop smoking .
she ignored him all day .
she is a charming woman .
she is a cheerful giver .
she is a selfish person .
she is a wonderful wife .
she is dressed in white .
she is eighteen at most .
she is good at swimming .
she is his present wife .
she is knitting a scarf .
she is listening to him .
she is not always happy .
she is shy of strangers .
she is wearing a brooch .
she keeps her hair long .
she kept silent all day .
she knocked on the door .
she lay awake all night .
she led a solitary life .
she lent me her bicycle .
she liked him right off .
she likes to read books .
she lived a lonely life .
she looks like her aunt .
she makes a good living .
she married a local boy .
she may spill the beans .
she must be over eighty .
she picked up the phone .
she really ate too much .
she resides in new york .
she runs a dance studio .
she scared the cat away .
she sent him a postcard .
she showed me her album .
she showed me his album .
she struggled to get up .
she took me by surprise .
she wanted to help them .
she was aching all over .
she was only half alive .
she waved goodbye to me .
she wore a simple dress .
she wouldn't let him in .
she'll try it once more .
she's a fine young lady .
she's lost her car keys .
she's unfit for the job .
shoes are sold in pairs .
show me what you bought .
show us what you've got .
sign on the dotted line .
sorry , we're full today .
spell your name , please .
stay a while and listen .
stay away from my woman .
stay away from the fire .
stay out of my business .
stop acting like a baby .
stop acting like a jerk .
stop crying like a girl .
supper is a simple meal .
swimming is easy for me .
sydney is far from here .
take heed of her advice .
take things as they are .
take your seats , please .
tell tom that i'm angry .
tell me a bedtime story .
tell me about your plan .
tell me about your wife .
tell me all the details .
tell me what's going on .
tell me where she lives .
thank you all very much .
thank you for your gift .
thank you for your help .
thank you for your time .
thank you just the same .
thanks for all the fish .
thanks for calling , tom .
thanks . i appreciate it .
that applies to him too .
that boy has black hair .
that boy is his brother .
that boy is very clever .
that boy looks like tom .
that boy showed no fear .
that dog is really ugly .
that dog runs very fast .
that girl is really shy .
that is an absolute lie .
that is how it happened .
that is simply not true .
that isn't to my liking .
that man stole my purse .
that never was an issue .
that painting is a copy .
that remains to be seen .
that reminds me of home .
that was quite a speech .
that was the basic idea .
that won't be a problem .
that would be a mistake .
that would be all right .
that would take all day .
that's a real long shot .
that's a very good sign .
that's a very nice suit .
that's all i care about .
that's all i could find .
that's all you ever say .
that's better , isn't it ?
that's for me to decide .
that's how i planned it .
that's how it should be .
that's just what i need .
that's not at all funny .
that's not funny at all .
that's not what i heard .
that's not what i think .
that's not what he said .
that's real nice of you .
that's useful , isn't it ?
that's very kind of you .
that's what i told them .
that's what i want most .
that's what tom told me .
that's what we all want .
that's what you all say .
that's where i was born .
that's why i called you .
that's why he got angry .
the acting is very good .
the baby can't walk yet .
the baby is fast asleep .
the baby started to cry .
the baby's name was tom .
the box is almost empty .
the boy feared the dark .
the brown horse is fast .
the car bumped the tree .
the cat arched its back .
the desk drawer is open .
the door would not open .
the facts are not clear .
the game was called off .
the goods arrive by sea .
the ground is still wet .
the guests are all gone .
the hawk caught a mouse .
the hotel is down there .
the house has been sold .
the house is farther on .
the house was in flames .
the lady is over eighty .
the lock must be broken .
the man is eating bread .
the meeting is all over .
the moon is already out .
the news made her happy .
the old man looked wise .
the party ended at nine .
the party was a failure .
the party was a success .
the police are after me .
the radio will not work .
the risks are too great .
the road was very bumpy .
the room is quite small .
the rooms are all clean .
the rumor can't be true .
the storm has died down .
the storm sank the boat .
the tide is rising fast .
the tree grew very tall .
the water began to boil .
the water turned to ice .
the weather is very bad .
the weather is very hot .
the wheel began to turn .
there are no drugs here .
there is no breeze here .
there is plenty of food .
there must be a pattern .
there was only one left .
there's not much to say .
there's only a day left .
these gifts are for you .
these keys are not mine .
these pants fit me well .
these shoes fit my feet .
they all deserve to die .
they are about to start .
they are all very happy .
they are making a salad .
they ate and drank wine .
they can't hurt you now .
they don't have to know .
they don't know my name .
they don't listen to me .
they drank way too much .
they formed a swim team .
they gave us their word .
they got into the train .
they have a large house .
they lived a happy life .
they met in high school .
they refused to help us .
they rowed up the river .
they say he's very rich .
they tried a third time .
they want you to resign .
they were afraid of you .
they were in the shower .
they were put in prison .
they will agree on that .
they work in the fields .
they'll know what to do .
this book is a whodunit .
this book is really old .
this book is very small .
this chair is too small .
this could take a while .
this cow is not branded .
this does not bode well .
this door will not open .
this hat doesn't fit me .
this house is very good .
this is a japanese doll .
this is a good textbook .
this is a great victory .
this is against the law .
this is all that's left .
this is almost too easy .
this is how it happened .
this is my new tricycle .
this is not about money .
this is not our problem .
this is our last chance .
this is simply not true .
this is the zoom button .
this is what he painted .
this isn't a safe place .
this isn't good for tom .
this knot will not hold .
this looks kind of cute .
this place is all right .
this place isn't so bad .
this program is a rerun .
this reminds me of home .
this sounds like a trap .
this steak is too tough .
this will keep you warm .
this would be a mistake .
those pants are too big .
today's show is a rerun .
tom and i are separated .
tom and mary are asleep .
tom asked for my number .
tom beat mary in tennis .
tom began to feel tired .
tom bought me this book .
tom built his own house .
tom called in an expert .
tom can't be that naive .
tom can't do this alone .
tom couldn't find a job .
tom didn't even tell me .
tom didn't go to boston .
tom didn't have to hide .
tom didn't make a sound .
tom didn't miss a thing .
tom didn't tell me this .
tom didn't want to sing .
tom died in mary's arms .
tom doesn't have a home .
tom dove into the water .
tom drank too much wine .
tom forgot to buy bread .
tom found out the truth .
tom gave me 300 dollars .
tom got engaged to mary .
tom got on the airplane .
tom had a difficult job .
tom has a difficult job .
tom has a secret weapon .
tom has been helping me .
tom has his own bedroom .
tom has joined the army .
tom has long blond hair .
tom has made a decision .
tom has no common sense .
tom hid under the table .
tom is a little nervous .
tom is allergic to dust .
tom is allergic to eggs .
tom is an active person .
tom is biting his nails .
tom is full of ambition .
tom is learning to swim .
tom is living in boston .
tom is looking for mary .
tom is obviously a jerk .
tom is scared of ghosts .
tom is thirty years old .
tom is tidying his room .
tom isn't a boy anymore .
tom isn't a good singer .
tom isn't afraid to die .
tom isn't going to wait .
tom isn't his real name .
tom kept silent all day .
tom knows mary is right .
tom knows where we live .
tom looked at the floor .
tom lost a contact lens .
tom makes me feel young .
tom never makes his bed .
tom never saw her again .
tom never talks to mary .
tom pounded on the door .
tom pulled out a pencil .
tom put on his backpack .
tom put on some clothes .
tom ran to the bathroom .
tom regrets what he did .
tom said mary was happy .
tom sat behind his desk .
tom sat in the darkness .
tom says he saw nothing .
tom seems to be nervous .
tom seems to be seasick .
tom still lives at home .
tom still loves his job .
tom taught mary to read .
tom thinks i'm an idiot .
tom threw mary the ball .
tom took a quick shower .
tom tried to stay quiet .
tom turned on the light .
tom used to play soccer .
tom wanted to be famous .
tom wanted to call mary .
tom wanted to help mary .
tom wants to marry mary .
tom was a piano teacher .
tom was dying of thirst .
tom was late for dinner .
tom was looking for you .
tom was right after all .
tom was scared to death .
tom was sure of himself .
tom was talking to mary .
tom watches too much tv .
tom went home with mary .
tom wishes he could fly .
tom works at a pizzeria .
tom wrung out the towel .
tom's father is in jail .
tom's house is very big .
toss your gun over here .
try to hold it together .
turn the flame down low .
turn the lights out now .
wait until you see this .
we all deserve a chance .
we all have our secrets .
we all wished for peace .
we are free from danger .
we bought a round table .
we can open the windows .
we can rest after lunch .
we can't all be perfect .
we depend on each other .
we didn't think of that .
we dined at our uncle's .
we discussed what to do .
we don't even need this .
we don't have a problem .
we don't have any money .
we don't have any proof .
we don't have any sheep .
we don't have the money .
we don't live in boston .
we don't lock our doors .
we drove into the night .
we felt the house shake .
we got stuck in traffic .
we had a large audience .
we had a little problem .
we had a secret meeting .
we had a wonderful time .
we had to react quickly .
we have a holiday today .
we have a mutual friend .
we have all the details .
we have dinner at seven .
we have no other choice .
we have no other option .
we have no school today .
we have seen three wars .
we have snow in january .
we have three days left .
we heard the door close .
we left four days later .
we left the movie early .
we live in an apartment .
we live near the border .
we looked at each other .
we may not win tomorrow .
we must always be ready .
we need some more water .
we need to call someone .
we never got the chance .
we never work on sunday .
we sat in total silence .
we should do that again .
we should do this again .
we should hang out more .
we should wait a little .
we skied down the slope .
we still need your help .
we were looking for tom .
we will be back tonight .
we will visit them soon .
we won't have much time .
we'd better go help tom .
we'd better go home now .
we'll be late for class .
we'll do more than that .
we'll have loads of fun .
we'll talk in my office .
we'll try one more time .
we're here to help them .
we're kind of busy here .
we're not gonna make it .
we're out of luck again .
we've all been laid off .
we've all read that one .
well begun is half done .
well , let's talk turkey .
were you at the concert ?
were you here all night ?
were you looking at him ?
were you out last night ?
what i wanted was water .
what a cute little girl !
what are we waiting for ?
what are you crying for ?
what are you doing here ?
what are you hinting at ?
what are you looking at ?
what are you smiling at ?
what are you staring at ?
what are you working on ?
what choices do we have ?
what color is your hair ?
what did i leave behind ?
what did the doctor say ?
what did you do exactly ?
what did you talk about ?
what do you believe now ?
what do you really mean ?
what do you regret most ?
what does pta stand for ?
what does usb stand for ?
what does that sign say ?
what else does tom need ?
what exactly did you do ?
what happened to my car ?
what happens if we fail ?
what if someone sees it ?
what if someone sees us ?
what is aspirin made of ?
what is it really about ?
what is the latest news ?
what is your blood type ?
what is your first name ?
what made you come here ?
what makes you think so ?
what sports do you like ?
what time does it close ?
what time does it start ?
what was all this about ?
what was he doing there ?
what was the boy called ?
what was this all about ?
what we want is freedom .
what were you two doing ?
what will happen to her ?
what year were you born ?
what's going on in here ?
when are you going home ?
when did all this start ?
when do you play tennis ?
when should we tell tom ?
when will you come back ?
when will you come home ?
where are they going to ?
where are we going next ?
where are you all going ?
where are your car keys ?
where can i buy tickets ?
where can one buy books ?
where can the kids play ?
where did he learn this ?
where did she buy books ?
where did you find this ?
where did you guys meet ?
where did you hear that ?
where do they come from ?
where does he come from ?
where does she live now ?
where does this desk go ?
where else should we go ?
where is he running now ?
where's the book i need ?
which are the best ones ?
which platform is it on ?
which shoes do you like ?
which skirt do you like ?
which team won the game ?
which way are you going ?
who among us is perfect ?
who are you laughing at ?
who are you waiting for ?
who ate all the cookies ?
who ate the last cookie ?
who does this belong to ?
who else knows i'm here ?
who is that pretty girl ?
who is this letter from ?
who taught you to write ?
who wants to go hunting ?
who were you talking to ?
why are they doing this ?
why are you asking this ?
why are you being weird ?
why are you calling tom ?
why are you ignoring me ?
why are you so arrogant ?
why are you so cheerful ?
why are you so insecure ?
why are you visiting us ?
why did he stop smoking ?
why did you buy flowers ?
why didn't she help you ?
why didn't you stop tom ?
why do you study french ?
why does he look grumpy ?
why don't we just leave ?
why don't you ever cook ?
why don't you loosen up ?
why don't you pull over ?
why don't you run along ?
why don't you stay here ?
why don't you take over ?
why is that of interest ?
why leave the door open ?
why not spend the night ?
why would i tell anyone ?
will he ever forgive me ?
will he succeed or fail ?
will it be hot tomorrow ?
will you be much longer ?
will you light the fire ?
will you please help me ?
won't you have some tea ?
would tom agree to this ?
would that be all right ?
would you like some tea ?
would you like to dance ?
would you wait a second ?
write to him right away .
you are a good customer .
you are blinded by love .
you are only young once .
you can always text tom .
you can get dressed now .
you can't both be right .
you can't do this alone .
you can't give tom that .
you can't prove a thing .
you can't smoke in here .
you could well be right .
you did the right thing .
you didn't get very far .
you didn't miss a thing .
you didn't need to come .
you didn't scare me off .
you don't care about me .
you don't even know how .
you don't have a choice .
you don't have the guts .
you don't have the time .
you don't have to hurry .
you don't have to speak .
you don't have to worry .
you don't look your age .
you don't need to hurry .
you don't seem so smart .
you don't seem too sure .
you go there without me .
you got what you wanted .
you have done very well .
you have very nice lips .
you have very sexy legs .
you left your lights on .
you look a little green .
you may open the window .
you may use his library .
you might not like this .
you must do it yourself .
you must have lost them .
you must pay in advance .
you must read this book .
you nearly broke my jaw .
you need to be prepared .
you need to lose weight .
you never know for sure .
you ought to be ashamed .
you owe me thirty bucks .
you said you were happy .
you seemed to like that .
you should do that soon .
you should get up early .
you should have done so .
you should have seen it !
you should have seen me .
you should listen to me .
you should not go alone .
you should not go there .
you should see a doctor .
you speak french , right ?
you take my breath away .
you two are really kind .
you were almost in time .
you will miss the train .
you won't have a chance .
you won't have a choice .
you won't have your way .
you would be safe there .
you'll be late for work .
you'll be safe with him .
you'll come to like her .
you'll have a hard time .
you're a teacher , right ?
you're a very lucky man .
you're aren't one of us .
you're not easy to find .
you're not good at this .
you're not helping , tom .
you're not the only one .
you're right , of course .
you're taller than i am .
you've done all you can .
you've found a good man .
you've got paint on you .
a baby has delicate skin .
a gentle wind is blowing .
a light bulb gives light .
a light rain was falling .
all but one were present .
all my problems are over .
all our plans went wrong .
all that has changed now .
all the boys looked down .
all the seats are booked .
all these books are mine .
all this has now changed .
all those books are mine .
am i making myself clear ?
am i my brother's keeper ?
anger showed on his face .
are all the windows shut ?
are my socks dry already ?
are you a natural blonde ?
are you always that busy ?
are you flirting with me ?
are you fond of swimming ?
are you from around here ?
are you going or staying ?
are you here with anyone ?
are you interested in me ?
are you listening to him ?
are you looking for work ?
are you losing your mind ?
are you on the committee ?
are you really not going ?
are you sleeping in here ?
are you sure that's safe ?
are you the group leader ?
are you writing a letter ?
are you younger than him ?
aren't you a little cold ?
ask me anything you like .
be nicer to your brother .
beauty is only skin deep .
bread is made from wheat .
bring me some cold water .
butter is made from milk .
cabbage can be eaten raw .
can i borrow an umbrella ?
can i borrow your laptop ?
can i change the channel ?
can i show you something ?
can i take pictures here ?
can i use your telephone ?
can it wait another hour ?
can you please stop that ?
can you please walk away ?
can you solve the puzzle ?
can you wait ten minutes ?
can't you hear the sound ?
can't you ride a bicycle ?
cheese is made from milk .
choose any of these pens .
close the door after you .
come and keep me company .
come and see me tomorrow .
come as soon as possible .
could tom have done this ?
could you leave us alone ?
could you please help me ?
could you say that again ?
cows supply us with milk .
crime is on the increase .
did i do something wrong ?
did i hurt your feelings ?
did i leave anything out ?
did tom break your heart ?
did anybody eat with you ?
did anyone else help you ?
did anyone see it happen ?
did anyone see you there ?
did she hurt that kitten ?
did you call anyone else ?
did you close the window ?
did you do your homework ?
did you get your receipt ?
did you have any trouble ?
did you have fun tonight ?
did you live here before ?
did you plan it yourself ?
did you put it somewhere ?
did you put on sunscreen ?
did you read the article ?
did you see anybody else ?
did you see anyone leave ?
did you shoot this video ?
did you speak to anybody ?
didn't you read the book ?
do not disobey the rules .
do we need anything else ?
do whatever he tells you .
do you believe in ghosts ?
do you feel like dancing ?
do you feel like resting ?
do you get many visitors ?
do you have saturday off ?
do you have a dictionary ?
do you have a girlfriend ?
do you have any brothers ?
do you have any children ?
do you have dinner plans ?
do you have enough money ?
do you have lucid dreams ?
do you have many friends ?
do you have other family ?
do you have small change ?
do you have the painting ?
do you hit your children ?
do you like french opera ?
do you like french wines ?
do you love your country ?
do you need an ambulance ?
do you really think that ?
do you speak french well ?
do you think i'm healthy ?
do you understand or not ?
does tom have green eyes ?
does she always go there ?
does that make any sense ?
does that make you angry ?
does the soup taste good ?
does this not please you ?
don't be late for school .
don't drink so much beer .
don't ever call me again .
don't ever do that again .
don't fall into her trap .
don't forget to tell tom .
don't forget to write me .
don't forget who you are .
don't get the wrong idea .
don't give him any ideas .
don't hide under the bed .
don't let the dog inside .
don't lie about your age .
don't listen to that man .
don't make fun of others .
don't make so much noise .
don't make such a racket !
don't move or i'll shoot .
don't play games with me .
don't play in the street .
don't scare me like that !
don't smoke in this room .
don't stay out all night .
don't they drive you mad ?
don't trust what he says .
don't turn off the light .
don't use too much water .
don't use your real name .
don't you ever come back .
don't you have a bicycle ?
drugs can ruin your life .
every house had a garden .
excuse me for being late .
excuse me for one moment .
fill the jars with water .
five plus three is eight .
flour is made from wheat .
flour is made into bread .
get down from your horse .
get out of the classroom .
give him my best regards .
give me something to eat .
go ahead with your story .
go and help your brother .
grandpa bought it for me !
greed is not always good .
has father come home yet ?
have i changed that much ?
have i left anything out ?
have i made myself clear ?
have you already met her ?
have you already met him ?
have you been here since ?
have you eaten lunch yet ?
have you ever been there ?
have you met him already ?
have you seen tom lately ?
have you seen him before ?
have you told her mother ?
have you tried it before ?
he and i walked together .
he arrived late as usual .
he asked after my mother .
he asked for a cigarette .
he became a famous actor .
he began to make excuses .
he believed in the truth .
he bought us some drinks .
he came back last august .
he came here before noon .
he can't be under thirty .
he cannot have said that .
he consented on the spot .
he cut the envelope open .
he danced all night long .
he denied having done it .
he denied having met her .
he denies having done it .
he did not like children .
he didn't pass after all .
he died before i arrived .
he doesn't have a family .
he doesn't have a sister .
he doesn't live far away .
he drives a hard bargain .
he drives a pickup truck .
he dwells in the country .
he found the door closed .
he found the door locked .
he grinned broadly at us .
he had a rough childhood .
he had been there before .
he had dinner by himself .
he had his wallet stolen .
he has a friendly nature .
he has a generous nature .
he has a good reputation .
he has a small advantage .
he has already gone home .
he has already had lunch .
he has broken the record .
he has never been abroad .
he has never hurt anyone .
he has never played golf .
he has nobody to consult .
he has not yet succeeded .
he has written two books .
he heard his name called .
he heard the dog barking .
he insulted me in public .
he intended to marry her .
he is a typical japanese .
he is absent from school .
he is afraid of swimming .
he is an intelligent boy .
he is being very careful .
he is crazy about skiing .
he is fresh from college .
he is good at gymnastics .
he is impossible to beat .
he is known to everybody .
he is liked by everybody .
he is opening the window .
he is painting a picture .
he is selfish and greedy .
he is stronger than ever .
he isn't afraid of death .
he jumped into the water .
he jumped out the window .
he keeps this gun loaded .
he kept reading the book .
he knows what's going on .
he left japan for europe .
he likes games of chance .
he likes music very much .
he lived an unhappy life .
he lives in an apartment .
he lives with his mother .
he longed for his mother .
he looked at her angrily .
he looked over my report .
he looks like his father .
he looks much better now .
he lost his movie ticket .
he made friends with tom .
he married a pretty girl .
he might change his mind .
he missed the last train .
he must be tom's brother .
he must be the principal .
he never talked about it .
he often calls her names .
he often walks to school .
he opened his mouth wide .
he painted the door blue .
he plays chess very well .
he plays poker with them .
he plays the guitar well .
he promised to marry her .
he put on clean trousers .
he quit school last week .
he really makes me angry .
he ripped his shirt open .
he seldom goes to church .
he shooed the flies away .
he slammed his door shut .
he slept well last night .
he spends too much money .
he studied for ten years .
he thanked me for coming .
he took off his overcoat .
he took on extra workers .
he tried to kill himself .
he usually comes in time .
he waited until she came .
he wants to be different .
he was accused of murder .
he was beaten too easily .
he was exposed to danger .
he was hanged for murder .
he was held in captivity .
he was humiliated by her .
he was paralyzed by fear .
he was passive by nature .
he was playing the piano .
he went aboard the plane .
he went there by himself .
he whipped out his sword .
he who hesitates is lost .
he will be busy tomorrow .
he will keep us informed .
he will love her forever .
he works as a translator .
he works the night shift .
he wrote to me yesterday .
he'll be here any second .
he's a very talented man .
he's ashamed of his body .
he's at church right now .
he's been dead ten years .
he's here to protect you .
he's in his late fifties .
he's likely to be chosen .
he's mad at his daughter .
he's never hit me before .
he's not sure he's ready .
he's now aboard the ship .
he's playing with my cat .
he's reading a novel now .
he's very likely to come .
help me lift the package .
help yourself to a drink .
her face beamed with joy .
her family is very large .
her hair is turning gray .
her house is very modern .
her name slipped my mind .
his clothes are worn out .
his courage won him fame .
his debts were piling up .
his family is very large .
his house is very modern .
his new car is wonderful .
his overcoat is worn out .
his patience is worn out .
his work is washing cars .
hold your breath , please .
how are things at school ?
how are we feeling today ?
how can i protect myself ?
how can this be possible ?
how can you not remember ?
how come you're not dead ?
how could you not notice ?
how did they manage that ?
how do these things work ?
how do you define normal ?
how do you handle stress ?
how do you remember that ?
how does that strike you ?
how is life treating you ?
how is the weather there ?
how is the weather today ?
how is your family doing ?
how long have you waited ?
how many have you killed ?
how many kinds are there ?
how many plums are there ?
how many teams are there ?
how much are these shoes ?
how much should they get ?
how old are the children ?
how old is that painting ?
how old is your daughter ?
how was the french class ?
how will i recognize you ?
how will you change this ?
how's it going to happen ?
how's that going for you ?
hunger is the best sauce .
i admire your work ethic .
i agree to your proposal .
i agreed to the proposal .
i almost dropped a plate .
i am free this afternoon .
i am interested in music .
i am playing video games .
i appreciate all you did .
i assumed you were happy .
i assumed you would come .
i ate breakfast at eight .
i ate too much yesterday .
i began living by myself .
i believe you are honest .
i bought an electric car .
i bought her some drinks .
i brought you some lunch .
i brought you some water .
i came down with measles .
i came home empty handed .
i can solve this problem .
i can't accept this gift .
i can't accept your gift .
i can't believe i forgot .
i can't believe i'm here .
i can't drink this stuff .
i can't find it anywhere .
i can't find my umbrella .
i can't find the keyhole .
i can't hide out forever .
i can't live without her .
i can't live without him .
i can't live without you .
i can't stand it anymore .
i can't stand that noise .
i can't swim any further .
i can't take that chance .
i can't thank him enough .
i can't thank you enough .
i can't wait till summer .
i can't walk any farther .
i cannot lift this stone .
i caught tom by surprise .
i come here every monday .
i could find his address .
i could have been killed .
i did everything i could .
i did everything for you .
i did that earlier today .
i did what was necessary .
i didn't even notice you .
i didn't feel like going .
i didn't get the meaning .
i didn't hear her coming .
i didn't hear him coming .
i didn't like my teacher .
i didn't like the result .
i didn't see anyone else .
i didn't see their faces .
i didn't sleep all night .
i didn't take your money .
i didn't talk to anybody .
i didn't vote for anyone .
i didn't want to intrude .
i do hope you understand .
i do hope you'll succeed .
i do sympathize with you .
i do think it's possible .
i don't believe in banks .
i don't believe in karma .
i don't believe in magic .
i don't even remember it .
i don't feel like eating .
i don't feel like joking .
i don't feel like trying .
i don't feel that guilty .
i don't have a boyfriend .
i don't have a cellphone .
i don't have any friends .
i don't have any pencils .
i don't have any sisters .
i don't have much choice .
i don't have much longer .
i don't have the results .
i don't know anyone here .
i don't know either girl .
i don't know her address .
i don't know his address .
i don't know what's real .
i don't know you anymore .
i don't like long drives .
i don't like that either .
i don't like the traffic .
i don't like this camera .
i don't like this jacket .
i don't like you anymore .
i don't live around here .
i don't love her anymore .
i don't love you anymore .
i don't mind hot weather .
i don't need more advice .
i don't need your advice .
i don't need your praise .
i don't normally do that .
i don't normally do this .
i don't owe him anything .
i don't owe you anything .
i don't own a television .
i don't quite follow you .
i don't really cook much .
i don't really feel sick .
i don't really need this .
i don't remember a thing .
i don't think he'll come .
i don't want a boyfriend .
i don't worry about that .
i dropped out of college .
i eat because i'm hungry .
i enjoy talking with you .
i enjoyed talking to him .
i expected better of tom .
i expected better of him .
i expected better of you .
i feel a little insecure .
i feel cold this morning .
i feel like i'm dreaming .
i feel like another beer .
i feel much better today .
i finally bought the toy .
i followed all the rules .
i forgot to do something .
i found her very amusing .
i found his house easily .
i fully intend to return .
i gave up eating dessert .
i get depressed at times .
i got up early yesterday .
i guess i've been better .
i guess i've gotten lazy .
i guess we'll never know .
i had a family emergency .
i had a mental breakdown .
i hadn't thought of that .
i hardly see you anymore .
i hate waiting like this .
i hate when that happens .
i hate when this happens .
i have a good dictionary .
i have a serious problem .
i have a slight headache .
i have an audition today .
i have an identical twin .
i have another good idea .
i have confidence in him .
i have everything i need .
i have just arrived here .
i have no homework today .
i have no plans whatever .
i have plenty of friends .
i have to change clothes .
i haven't eaten for days .
i haven't got much money .
i haven't had much sleep .
i haven't met him before .
i haven't slept for days .
i haven't washed my hair .
i hear you were grounded .
i hear you're moving out .
i heard an unusual noise .
i heard the boys singing .
i hope someone sees this .
i hope that won't happen .
i hope you're having fun .
i invited all my friends .
i just can't help myself .
i just can't stop crying .
i just didn't believe it .
i just didn't sleep well .
i just don't believe you .
i just don't care enough .
i just have one question .
i just needed some water .
i just want some answers .
i just want to disappear .
i knew this would happen .
i know i heard something .
i know it's not possible .
i know nothing about her .
i know what they're like .
i know what you're doing .
i know you're not scared .
i learn french at school .
i left the door unlocked .
i like english very much .
i like music and english .
i like playing the piano .
i like talking to people .
i like to be spontaneous .
i like walking by myself .
i liked working with you .
i live across the street .
i live three blocks away .
i lost your phone number .
i love my yellow sweater .
i love trying new things .
i love watching you cook .
i made a serious mistake .
i met the prince himself .
i must answer her letter .
i must have it shortened .
i must help these people .
i must renew my passport .
i must say i'm flattered .
i need a good dictionary .
i need an extension cord .
i need to learn japanese .
i never learned to write .
i never thought about it .
i never use this anymore .
i no longer study french .
i opened the door slowly .
i owe you an explanation .
i paid for these tickets .
i played tennis with tom .
i played with my brother .
i pretended to be asleep .
i promised no such thing .
i read an exciting story .
i realized i needed help .
i really am very thirsty .
i really don't feel good .
i really don't feel well .
i really have missed you .
i really should be going .
i really thought i'd win .
i regret having told you .
i relied on his kindness .
i roll my own cigarettes .
i said i didn't remember .
i saw tom standing there .
i should've just shut up .
i slept only three hours .
i speak a little spanish .
i spoke to him yesterday .
i still have some doubts .
i study french at school .
i telephoned her at once .
i think i'm getting sick .
i think i've seen enough .
i think tom is dangerous .
i think about them often .
i think it's really ugly .
i think that's a mistake .
i think that's a problem .
i think that's the point .
i think this tastes good .
i think we're in trouble .
i think we've met before .
i think you are mistaken .
i think you deserve this .
i think you dropped this .
i think you should leave .
i think you're in danger .
i think you're too picky .
i thought i heard voices .
i thought i was dreaming .
i thought she was pretty .
i thought that went well .
i thought the same thing .
i thought you might come .
i thought you might help .
i thought you trusted me .
i thought you were broke .
i thought you were right .
i thought you were smart .
i thought you would come .
i thought you'd ask that .
i thought you'd be alone .
i thought you'd be happy .
i thought you'd be older .
i thought you'd got lost .
i thought you'd say that .
i totally agree with you .
i tried to warn everyone .
i try to please everyone .
i usually agree with tom .
i usually walk to school .
i visited her in germany .
i waited for ten minutes .
i walked across the park .
i walked along the river .
i walked toward the park .
i want some orange juice .
i want something to read .
i want this room cleaned .
i want this suit cleaned .
i want to look different .
i want to thank everyone .
i wanted to surprise tom .
i wanted to surprise her .
i was a bit disappointed .
i was a little surprised .
i was abducted by aliens .
i was always the fastest .
i was eating dinner then .
i was in tokyo yesterday .
i was lonely without her .
i was really quite stiff .
i was searching for food .
i was skeptical at first .
i was taken advantage of .
i was thinking about you .
i wasn't always this fat .
i wasn't sure about that .
i went to get vaccinated .
i will never forget this .
i will never forgive him .
i will never forgive you .
i will not tolerate this .
i wish today were friday .
i wish you every success .
i won't leave you behind .
i won't mention it again .
i wonder what that means .
i wonder where she lives .
i wonder who invented it .
i would rather stay here .
i write almost every day .
i'd better call you back .
i'd better get back home .
i'd like to believe that .
i'd like to study french .
i'd like to visit london .
i'd love to visit boston .
i'd prefer to talk later .
i'd rather do this alone .
i'll be free next sunday .
i'll be there right away .
i'll call you back later .
i'll cook bacon and eggs .
i'll do anything you ask .
i'll do better next time .
i'll do everything i can .
i'll give you this money .
i'll just have one drink .
i'll leave this with you .
i'll never do this again .
i'll never see him again .
i'll never see you again .
i'll send you a postcard .
i'll stay here until ten .
i'll take the yellow one .
i'll treat you to dinner .
i'm a little bit jealous .
i'm afraid she will fail .
i'm at tokyo station now .
i'm delighted to be here .
i'm delighted to see you .
i'm fed up with homework .
i'm glad someone told me .
i'm glad you're ok again .
i'm going to get married .
i'm going to regret this .
i'm going to the station .
i'm just an average girl .
i'm just not very hungry .
i'm kind of busy tonight .
i'm looking for a wallet .
i'm not a morning person .
i'm not a native speaker .
i'm not a patient person .
i'm not a violent person .
i'm not afraid of anyone .
i'm not afraid of ghosts .
i'm not afraid of snakes .
i'm not allowed to leave .
i'm not asking for money .
i'm not at all surprised .
i'm not breaking the law .
i'm not cleaning that up .
i'm not coming back here .
i'm not coming back home .
i'm not convinced at all .
i'm not doing it anymore .
i'm not doing that today .
i'm not eating this fish .
i'm not feeling too well .
i'm not from around here .
i'm not going to compete .
i'm not here on business .
i'm not hungry right now .
i'm not leaving with you .
i'm not like most people .
i'm not making any plans .
i'm not really an expert .
i'm not sure of anything .
i'm not the jealous type .
i'm one of your students .
i'm pretty proud of that .
i'm proud of my children .
i'm ready to make amends .
i'm really proud of this .
i'm running out of ideas .
i'm serious about my job .
i'm sorry for being late .
i'm sorry to trouble you .
i'm sort of an extrovert .
i'm sort of an introvert .
i'm starting to like you .
i'm still kind of hungry .
i'm sure that he's happy .
i'm surprised to see you .
i'm talking on the phone .
i'm the boss around here .
i'm thinking of the plan .
i'm tired of watching tv .
i'm trying to save money .
i'm worth more than this .
i've been here all night .
i've come to accept this .
i've decided not to quit .
i've dreamed of this day .
i've gone to kyoto twice .
i've got a busy schedule .
i've got nothing to lose .
i've got plenty of money .
i've got someone with me .
i've got something to do .
i've heard all about you .
i've heard it all before .
i've known him for years .
i've lost about 80 cents .
i've lost my best friend .
i've never been so proud .
i've never heard of that .
i've never worn a tuxedo .
i've only just come back .
i've seen one many times .
i've spent all the money .
include me in your plans .
iron is harder than gold .
is a thousand yen enough ?
is all of that necessary ?
is all this stuff stolen ?
is it really so terrible ?
is she single or married ?
is that a trick question ?
is that why you're upset ?
is the museum open today ?
is the plane on schedule ?
is there a drink minimum ?
is there anything to eat ?
is there still any sugar ?
is this fish still alive ?
is your father a teacher ?
isn't that what you said ?
it appears to be working .
it belongs to my brother .
it caught me by surprise .
it could have been worse .
it doesn't belong to you .
it doesn't fit well here .
it doesn't go far enough .
it doesn't look that way .
it doesn't look too hard .
it doesn't matter , right ?
it is almost ten o'clock .
it is cold outside today .
it is next to impossible .
it is no use complaining .
it is not necessarily so .
it only works on windows .
it seems that he's happy .
it shouldn't be a secret .
it was a beautiful night .
it was a terrible affair .
it was only a hypothesis .
it was probably not true .
it was worth every penny .
it wasn't all that funny .
it will not happen again .
it'll only take a minute .
it's a basic human right .
it's a bunch of nonsense .
it's a fast growing city .
it's a quarter past nine .
it's a question of taste .
it's about time to start .
it's all over between us .
it's another ball of wax .
it's as good as finished .
it's because he loves me .
it's been a terrible day .
it's difficult , isn't it ?
it's for my personal use .
it's for your own safety .
it's in my jacket pocket .
it's just the right size .
it's none of my business !
it's not good to overeat .
it's not healthy for you .
it's not like the movies .
it's not quite ready yet .
it's not worth the money .
it's out of the question !
it's really not that bad .
it's really not that hot .
it's right up your alley .
it's the dry season here .
it's time to get serious .
it's unlikely to be true .
it's warm enough to swim .
japan is in eastern asia .
keep mum about this plan .
keep these rules in mind .
keep this lesson in mind .
latin is a dead language .
let me check my schedule .
let me check your ticket .
let me explain the rules .
let me get this straight .
let me have another look .
let me introduce my wife .
let me know your address .
let me smell your breath .
let me use your computer .
let them know we're busy .
let us agree to disagree .
let's all just calm down .
let's ask a travel agent .
let's clean up this mess .
let's do it another time .
let's get this over with .
let's go outside and eat .
let's go tell the others .
let's go to eat together .
let's go to the hospital .
let's listen to the tape .
let's not stay here long .
let's not talk about tom .
let's not worry about it .
let's paint the town red .
let's play hide and seek .
let's play truth or dare .
let's start with the why .
let's take a short break .
let's take the short cut .
look out for rock slides .
look , i'm not interested .
lunch will be ready soon .
many friends saw him off .
may i borrow your eraser ?
may i show you something ?
may i take pictures here ?
may i use this telephone ?
may i use your telephone ?
may i visit you tomorrow ?
maybe this was a mistake .
might i ask your address ?
monday is my busiest day .
most of us were veterans .
mother is in the kitchen .
murder is a wicked crime .
my birthday is coming up .
my brother is a freshman .
my car is being repaired .
my car is parked outside .
my family had many debts .
my father has many books .
my favorite color is red .
my hobby is playing golf .
my mother is always busy .
my parents are both dead .
my parents know about it .
my robot's name is multi .
my room's a little messy .
my sister is so annoying .
my teacher drove me home .
my throat's a little dry .
my uncle lives in london .
my uncles live in london .
my university has a dorm .
my watch has been stolen .
my watch keeps good time .
my wife thinks i'm crazy .
never be this late again .
never mind what she says .
no one says that anymore .
no one will believe them .
nobody came to my rescue .
nobody came to the party .
nobody else has a chance .
nobody knows what to say .
nobody wants to be hated .
none of them are present .
none of them know french .
none of this makes sense .
not all blondes are dumb .
not all people like dogs .
not everyone is like you .
now let's begin the game .
of course i remember you .
old people wake up early .
one thing led to another .
owls are active at night .
pay at the cash register .
people are looking at us .
please be kind to others .
please do not smoke here .
please don't laugh at me .
please don't use my name .
please give me this book .
please make a right turn .
please pass me the sugar .
please put on your shoes .
please refer to page ten .
please say it in english .
please take note of that .
please take off your hat .
please take some of them .
please tell me your name .
please throw me the ball .
please turn on the light .
please turn on the radio .
please turn up the sound .
please wait half an hour .
please wait on him first .
poor men have no leisure .
prices are lower in kobe .
put yourself in my place .
quit acting like a child .
quit behaving like a kid .
read as much as possible .
read what's on the label .
rugby is an outdoor game .
say which you would like .
shall i close the window ?
she barely ate her lunch .
she began to gain weight .
she bought him a sweater .
she called him bad names .
she called off the party .
she came home after dark .
she can't be over thirty .
she can't bear the noise .
she can't ride a bicycle .
she decided to marry him .
she did not say anything .
she didn't marry the man .
she didn't read the book .
she doesn't need to work .
she dyed her hair blonde .
she gives him the creeps .
she glanced shyly at him .
she goes to night school .
she got him into trouble .
she grew up in australia .
she had a pleasant dream .
she had her tooth pulled .
she handed him the money .
she handed me a postcard .
she has seen better days .
she is a reliable person .
she is a wonderful woman .
she is an appalling cook .
she is an obstinate girl .
she is brushing her hair .
she is everything to him .
she is expecting a child .
she is just a wallflower .
she is known to everyone .
she is missing the point .
she is not herself today .
she is not quite content .
she is used to traveling .
she kept her eyes closed .
she left here right away .
she left the baby crying .
she left the window open .
she lives in the country .
she lives in the village .
she lives near the beach .
she lives quite close by .
she lives two doors down .
she looks like a teacher .
she loves chocolate , too .
she means nothing to him .
she met him this morning .
she owns a large mansion .
she painted the wall red .
she prefers beer to wine .
she pulled the door open .
she pushed the door open .
she pushed the door shut .
she sang better than him .
she sat there in silence .
she shook hands with him .
she showed him the photo .
she sued him for damages .
she thinks highly of him .
she took the news calmly .
she turned down my offer .
she turned her eyes away .
she turned off the radio .
she was a charming woman .
she was accused of lying .
she was crying with pain .
she was fluent in french .
she was voted prom queen .
she wasn't polite to him .
she waved goodbye to him .
she will be here tonight .
she will become a doctor .
she wiped away her tears .
she won't give up easily .
she works for a hospital .
she writes me every week .
she's a really nice girl .
she's a very wise mother .
she's afraid of the dark .
she's busy with her work .
she's drop - dead gorgeous .
she's such a lovely girl !
she's wearing a cool hat .
she's wearing a nice hat .
should i cancel the call ?
should i leave a message ?
some dogs are very smart .
someone tried to kill me .
someone will do that job .
someone will do this job .
something had to be done .
something has to be done .
south africa is far away .
stay right where you are .
stop acting like a child .
stop by whenever you can .
stop playing hard to get .
stop right there , please .
stop whining like a baby .
stop ! you're hurting her !
stop ! you're hurting him !
study harder from now on .
take care of your health .
take this to your mother .
tell me i'm not dreaming .
tell me why you're upset .
thank you for helping me .
that boy's hair is black .
that could come in handy .
that doesn't work at all .
that gives me a headache !
that guy drives me crazy .
that guy is totally nuts !
that house belongs to me .
that house is very small .
that is really good news .
that looked like it hurt .
that looks like it hurts .
that made tom pretty mad .
that may not be possible .
that might take too long .
that only makes it worse .
that seems to make sense .
that sounds like a train .
that story can't be true .
that was never an option .
that was not my question .
that wouldn't be any fun .
that'll take a long time .
that's a lot to consider .
that's a lot to remember .
that's a very good point .
that's a very old saying .
that's all i can promise .
that's all i ever wanted .
that's all we talk about .
that's him at the window .
that's how i like things .
that's just fine with me .
that's just what we need .
that's not going to help .
that's really all i know .
that's the choice i made .
that's very sweet of you .
that's what i always say .
that's what i usually do .
that's what i'm here for .
that's what tom would do .
that's what they all say .
that's what we were told .
the hilton hotel , please .
the arrow hit the target .
the baby cried all night .
the ball bounced up high .
the bills keep piling up .
the blood test is normal .
the blood was bright red .
the book costs 4 dollars .
the boy adjusted his cap .
the boys have gone north .
the bus was almost empty .
the bus was very crowded .
the cat caught the mouse .
the climate here is mild .
the council agreed on it .
the damage has been done .
the decision is not easy .
the decision was put off .
the doctor felt my pulse .
the doctor took my pulse .
the dog house is outside .
the first lesson is easy .
the fuel gauge is broken .
the girls had a catfight .
the house belongs to him .
the house has burnt down .
the issue is not settled .
the lake is deepest here .
the law has been changed .
the meat's not ready yet .
the men are eating lunch .
the money's on the table .
the moon is full tonight .
the museum is closed now .
the nail tore his jacket .
the news broke his heart .
the news made them happy .
the night is still young .
the nurses are very nice .
the paint is peeling off .
the parking lot is empty .
the patient has no pulse .
the plan has worked well .
the police are after you .
the poor girl went blind .
the rain stopped at last .
the rent is due tomorrow .
the room has two windows .
the server is down again .
the show will begin soon .
the sky has become clear .
the snow melts in spring .
the story cannot be true .
the train leaves at nine .
the vacation is over now .
the war lasted two years .
the weather had been hot .
the whole crew was saved .
the witch hunt has begun .
their cattle are all fat .
their ship struck a rock .
there is a knife missing .
there is a spoon missing .
there is no other choice .
there is no school today .
there is no third choice .
there is nothing to fear .
there is plenty of water .
there's no need to hurry .
there's no one else here .
there's no time to argue .
there's no way to escape .
there's nothing i can do .
these are not your forks .
these books are all mine .
these books belong to me .
these socks do not match .
they are afraid of death .
they are investing a lot .
they are very big apples .
they called him a coward .
they camped on the beach .
they can raise your rent .
they caught a lion alive .
they could still be here .
they did the right thing .
they don't even know why .
they don't know me there .
they eat fish on fridays .
they found no such proof .
they have gone to europe .
they have nothing to eat .
they have plenty of time .
they live near the beach .
they must really hate me .
they said you were fired .
they stayed up all night .
they want to become rich .
they want to get married .
they won't listen to you .
they'll be here at three .
they're going to the war .
they're right , of course .
they're very fond of him .
this article is for sale .
this book belongs to you .
this book is about stars .
this car is fully loaded .
this car runs on alcohol .
this coat doesn't fit me .
this coffee shop is cozy .
this dog is almost human .
this dog will protect us .
this door would not open .
this house has six rooms .
this house is very small .
this is a funny sentence .
this is a happy occasion .
this is a popular artist .
this is a private matter .
this is all a conspiracy .
this is an easy sentence .
this is driving me crazy .
this is for internal use .
this is my email address .
this is my father's room .
this is my favorite spot .
this is not my specialty .
this is not the entrance .
this is not very stylish .
this is the lover's lane .
this is the right answer .
this is your only chance .
this just happened to me .
this just isn't like you .
this knife is very sharp .
this makes my blood boil .
this may not be possible .
this might hurt a little .
this room is very stuffy .
this rule does not apply .
this should do the trick .
this soup is really good .
this tea is really sweet .
this tire needs some air .
this was on the doorstep .
time flies like an arrow .
today is a beautiful day .
today was a terrible day .
tom and mary are worried .
tom arrived at the hotel .
tom asked for a discount .
tom calls me every night .
tom came 30 minutes late .
tom can be very charming .
tom can't touch his toes .
tom could make you laugh .
tom didn't stay for long .
tom didn't take a shower .
tom does not like cheese .
tom doesn't even know me .
tom doesn't like to lose .
tom doesn't want to move .
tom doesn't want to stop .
tom drank my apple juice .
tom drove mary to boston .
tom fell down the stairs .
tom found out our secret .
tom got stuck in traffic .
tom handed mary a banana .
tom has a prosthetic leg .
tom has no close friends .
tom has to work tomorrow .
tom helped mary stand up .
tom is a native american .
tom is a dancing teacher .
tom is a football player .
tom is an intriguing guy .
tom is in intensive care .
tom is kind and generous .
tom is kind to everybody .
tom is smarter than mary .
tom isn't a good swimmer .
tom isn't a good teacher .
tom isn't busy right now .
tom isn't ready to leave .
tom isn't really my type .
tom likes to play tennis .
tom looked a bit puzzled .
tom looked at the ground .
tom might be the traitor .
tom never went to school .
tom played poker with us .
tom played with his cats .
tom pretended to be busy .
tom pretended to be rich .
tom said mary would come .
tom said he was retiring .
tom said he was starving .
tom said you were lonely .
tom says he doesn't know .
tom spent time with mary .
tom still hasn't paid me .
tom thinks mary is lying .
tom took out the garbage .
tom took the wrong train .
tom turned down the heat .
tom used to be ambitious .
tom wanted to play chess .
tom wants to stay single .
tom was a trusted friend .
tom was dressed in black .
tom was forced to resign .
tom was killed in boston .
tom was nowhere in sight .
tom went straight to bed .
tom went to mary's house .
tom will be here tonight .
tom will probably say no .
try not to disappoint me .
try us again next monday .
twelve is an even number .
vandalism is on the rise .
wait in the waiting room .
walk as fast as possible .
was it difficult to make ?
was that really worth it ?
was the baby crying then ?
wash your face and hands .
we all enjoyed the movie .
we all know you're smart .
we almost froze to death .
we are moving next month .
we are under his command .
we are worried about you .
we assumed you were dead .
we bought bread and milk .
we can leave after lunch .
we can talk this through .
we can't just stand here .
we can't keep doing this .
we carried out that plan .
we danced all night long .
we didn't look very long .
we do very good business .
we don't have a daughter .
we don't know each other .
we don't need it anymore .
we don't need your money .
we don't really know tom .
we drove across the city .
we felt sympathy for her .
we grew closer every day .
we had a storm yesterday .
we had fun at disneyland .
we had no drinking water .
we had snow this morning .
we had some chicken soup .
we have a little problem .
we have a tight schedule .
we have medicine for you .
we have no special plans .
we have very little time .
we haven't got much time .
we import tea from india .
we love going on picnics .
we made out like bandits .
we must follow the rules .
we must leave right away .
we must phone the police .
we must water the flower .
we need not have hurried .
we need something to eat .
we need to remember that .
we ran for 10 kilometers .
we rested on some stones .
we should cut our losses .
we stayed at our uncle's .
we tend to make mistakes .
we took lots of pictures .
we walked along the road .
we watched tv last night .
we went aboard the plane .
we went skiing in canada .
we weren't all that busy .
we'd make a perfect team .
we'll be late for dinner .
we'll eat at six o'clock .
we're a little busy here .
we're about the same age .
we're all agreed on that .
we're almost out of time .
we're just going to talk .
we're nearly out of time .
we're not home right now .
we're not ready for this .
we're running out of gas .
we've all seen it before .
we've had enough of that .
welcome to your new home .
what are the rules again ?
what are they doing here ?
what are you doing today ?
what are you looking for ?
what are you majoring in ?
what are you waiting for ?
what are your pet peeves ?
what color is your truck ?
what did i say yesterday ?
what did tom really want ?
what did he do yesterday ?
what do you need exactly ?
what do you really think ?
what does that even mean ?
what does that word mean ?
what does this device do ?
what does this note mean ?
what does this sign mean ?
what does this stand for ?
what does this word mean ?
what does your father do ?
what exactly did you say ?
what happened on the bus ?
what have we gotten into ?
what he did wasn't wrong .
what is he running after ?
what more could you want ?
what should i write here ?
what time are you coming ?
what time did that occur ?
what time is the concert ?
what time is your curfew ?
what time will you leave ?
what was wrong with them ?
what were you doing then ?
what would we do instead ?
what's going on out here ?
what's it doing out here ?
what's the job this time ?
what's your problem , tom ?
when are you coming back ?
when did all this happen ?
when did the show finish ?
when did they build that ?
when did this come about ?
when did you get married ?
when did you notice that ?
when does the game begin ?
when does the show start ?
when is he expected back ?
when should i come again ?
when was this car washed ?
when was your first love ?
when will you ever learn ?
where are all the others ?
where are you headed for ?
where are you living now ?
where did that come from ?
where did they come from ?
where did you learn that ?
where did you learn this ?
where does it leave from ?
where does this piece go ?
where does this train go ?
where exactly did you go ?
where is tom working now ?
where is the coffee shop ?
where is the post office ?
where is the rubber duck ?
where were you all night ?
where will your party be ?
where's your family , tom ?
which cup will he choose ?
which eye is hurting you ?
which one will he choose ?
which one would you take ?
which road should i take ?
which sports do you like ?
which way did you choose ?
who all knows about this ?
who are you talking with ?
who could take his place ?
who has taken my handbag ?
who is playing the piano ?
who left the window open ?
who said you could speak ?
who turned off the light ?
who wants to go shopping ?
who was there that night ?
why are the windows open ?
why are you all laughing ?
why are you following me ?
why are you freaking out ?
why are you so concerned ?
why are you so secretive ?
why are you torturing me ?
why are you waiting here ?
why did tom kill himself ?
why doesn't tom help you ?
why doesn't he tell them ?
why don't we go swimming ?
why don't we go together ?
why don't we order pizza ?
why don't you believe me ?
why don't you stay there ?
why is life so difficult ?
why is love so difficult ?
why is this so expensive ?
will it be fine tomorrow ?
will you ever forgive me ?
will you go out tomorrow ?
will you please go there ?
wine is made from grapes .
without air we would die .
without you , i'm nothing .
won't you have some cake ?
work is everything to me .
would you like it washed ?
would you like some help ?
would you say that again ?
would you say they match ?
write at least 250 words .
yesterday was a good day .
you always have a choice .
you are everything to me .
you are really very good .
you can take either book .
you can tell me anything .
you can't be too careful .
you can't bury the truth .
you can't buy it anymore .
you can't erase the past .
you can't give me orders .
you can't live like this .
you can't win every time .
you did an excellent job .
you didn't have to leave .
you didn't let me answer .
you didn't let me finish .
you didn't make it clear .
you didn't need to hurry .
you don't have any proof .
you don't have the nerve .
you don't have the right .
you don't have to answer .
you don't know the truth .
you don't look that good .
you don't look very good .
you don't seem very sure .
you don't sound too sure .
you don't stand a chance .
you drive a hard bargain .
you have a bright future .
you have a gum infection .
you have a regular pulse .
you have nothing to fear .
you know where i'm going .
you look a little shaken .
you made a good decision .
you may change your mind .
you may disagree with me .
you must be the jacksons .
you must be very special .
you need a reality check .
you never arrive on time .
you never have any money .
you said you didn't care .
you should get some rest .
you should go home early .
you should have seen him .
you should have told him .
you should write a novel .
you shouldn't be in here .
you took advantage of me .
you were right after all .
you will always be there .
you will never defeat me !
you won't bleed to death .
you won't stand a chance .
you'll have a rough time .
you're a grown woman now .
you're alone , aren't you ?
you're doing all you can .
you're free to leave now .
you're in over your head .
you're joking , of course .
you're lying , aren't you ?
you're no friend of mine .
you're on the wrong ship .
you're picky , aren't you ?
you're the best dad ever .
you're the reason i came .
you've been a great help .
you've done a superb job .
you've got a cute friend .
you've got the wrong guy .
you've got to be kidding !
you've set a bad example .
your father won't buy it .
your hair will grow back .
your shirt is inside out .
your things are all here .
1989 was a difficult year .
a burnt child dreads fire .
a girl appeared before me .
a girl stood there crying .
a nail punctured the tire .
a watched pot never boils .
air is lighter than water .
all knowledge is not good .
all men are created equal .
all men have equal rights .
all of them are connected .
all the stores are closed .
all's well that ends well .
am i speaking too quickly ?
am i still your boyfriend ?
am i under suspicion here ?
and then what will happen ?
ants work hard all summer .
any child can answer that .
anyone can ask a question .
anyone can make a mistake .
apples were on sale today .
are all these books yours ?
are they friends of yours ?
are you afraid of silence ?
are you all finished here ?
are you deaf or something ?
are you enjoying the play ?
are you flirting with him ?
are you free after school ?
are you free this weekend ?
are you proud of yourself ?
are you really a princess ?
aren't you a little young ?
be kind to little animals .
be polite to your parents .
be prepared for the worst .
blue is my favorite color .
books are my best friends .
both tom and mary blushed .
bourbon is made from corn .
bring me something to eat .
business is very good now .
butter is made from cream .
call if you need anything .
can i use your dictionary ?
can anything else be done ?
can someone open a window ?
can you carve the chicken ?
can you catch the chicken ?
can you make the deadline ?
can you remember his name ?
can you spare some change ?
can you speak french well ?
can you unclog the toilet ?
can you unjam the printer ?
canada is a large country .
charge this to my account .
choose any dress you like .
close the door behind you .
come at ten o'clock sharp .
come whenever you want to .
coming here was a mistake .
could you give an example ?
could you please be quiet ?
could you please fix this ?
cows provide us with milk .
dad knows what he's doing .
death is similar to sleep .
did i do something stupid ?
did i mention that before ?
did i not anticipate this ?
did i say something funny ?
did i say something wrong ?
did anyone else feel that ?
did the police arrest tom ?
did you complete the work ?
did you find that helpful ?
did you finish your paper ?
did you just realize that ?
did you meet someone else ?
did you rent an apartment ?
did you see anybody there ?
did you sign the contract ?
did you solve the problem ?
did you study by yourself ?
did you tape that concert ?
didn't you get my message ?
dinner will be ready soon .
do not read while walking .
do not touch the exhibits .
do you actually like this ?
do you actually live here ?
do you believe in fairies ?
do you deliver on sundays ?
do you have time magazine ?
do you have a reservation ?
do you have a temperature ?
do you have any allergies ?
do you have any questions ?
do you have any vacancies ?
do you have enough energy ?
do you have plans tonight ?
do you have two computers ?
do you have your passport ?
do you know what happened ?
do you need anything else ?
do you recognize that man ?
do you speak chinese well ?
do you still believe that ?
do you think she's pretty ?
does he have a girlfriend ?
does he have any brothers ?
does he have any children ?
does she have a boyfriend ?
does that float your boat ?
don't be cruel to animals .
don't cry over spilt milk .
don't drink the tap water .
don't eat my french fries .
don't even get me started .
don't even think about it .
don't get so carried away .
don't hold it upside down .
don't let that bother you .
don't look down on others .
don't make me regret this .
don't make such a mistake .
don't speak ill of others .
don't take me for granted .
don't touch the wet paint .
don't worry about a thing .
don't you have any change ?
don't you have work today ?
don't you love me anymore ?
drink less and sleep more .
each student has a locker .
either way's fine with me .
even i can't believe that .
everybody had a good year .
everybody had a hard time .
everyone needs to do this .
fashions grow old and die .
forgive me for being late .
françois has a good idea .
fruits have seeds in them .
furry rabbits are so cute .
gasoline is used for fuel .
get ready for some action .
give me a definite answer .
give me your phone number .
go over the choices again .
gold is heavier than iron .
green doesn't go with red .
guess what i bought today .
guess what happened to me .
half of them are students .
has the movie started yet ?
have you done this before ?
have you eaten supper yet ?
have you ever been abroad ?
have you ever been kissed ?
have you ever been lonely ?
have you ever been mugged ?
have you ever played golf ?
have you lost your ticket ?
have you put on sunscreen ?
have you seen anyone else ?
haven't you said too much ?
he always tells the truth .
he arrived at the station .
he arrived safe and sound .
he asked me two questions .
he became a famous singer .
he became a national hero .
he broke the world record .
he came back from america .
he came down to breakfast .
he can't handle the truth .
he caught a terrible cold .
he climbed over the fence .
he complains all the time .
he did everything for her .
he didn't help his father .
he didn't like being poor .
he died of natural causes .
he doesn't believe in god .
he doesn't have any proof .
he doesn't stand a chance .
he drank himself to death .
he dreamed about his home .
he explained it at length .
he explained it in detail .
he extended his right arm .
he fell asleep right away .
he felt himself lifted up .
he finally decided to try .
he finally met my demands .
he fixed the broken table .
he focused on his studies .
he goes abroad every year .
he got his tongue pierced .
he got me some vegetables .
he had a traffic accident .
he hammered at the window .
he has a dual personality .
he has a nice personality .
he has a rich imagination .
he has many history books .
he has nothing against it .
he has two beautiful boys .
he hesitated for a moment .
he hired some new workers .
he hurried to the station .
he is a methodical person .
he is addicted to cocaine .
he is anything but honest .
he is engaged in teaching .
he is handsome and clever .
he is interested in music .
he is no ordinary student .
he is proficient in farsi .
he is still having doubts .
he is tired from overwork .
he is walking very slowly .
he kept the window closed .
he knows many folk dances .
he left the door unlocked .
he left the motor running .
he left the water running .
he likes his coffee black .
he likes to travel abroad .
he listened to my opinion .
he lived there by himself .
he lives with his parents .
he lives within his means .
he made a speedy recovery .
he made her his secretary .
he made his parents happy .
he makes fun of everybody .
he married an air hostess .
he must like taking walks .
he needs to speak english .
he often plays the guitar .
he picked it up carefully .
he plays tennis very well .
he pretended to be asleep .
he ran into the classroom .
he receives a high salary .
he refused to shake hands .
he seems interested in me .
he shared in my happiness .
he spoke under his breath .
he stayed there some time .
he stood against the wall .
he strayed from his group .
he takes after his father .
he talked to the chairman .
he took poison by mistake .
he tried opening the door .
he voted for the proposal .
he walked along the river .
he walked along the shore .
he walked toward the door .
he was among those chosen .
he was angry with himself .
he was blazing with anger .
he was condemned to death .
he was covered with sweat .
he was educated at oxford .
he was fired for stealing .
he was my first boyfriend .
he was punished for lying .
he was sentenced to death .
he was sharpening a knife .
he was thrown behind bars .
he wasn't there last week .
he will be really pleased .
he won't live much longer .
he would often go fishing .
he'll make a good husband .
he's a very fine musician .
he's come to make trouble .
he's fresh out of college .
he's going to regret this .
he's hiding in the closet .
he's not breaking the law .
he's not stronger than me .
he's really in good shape .
he's sleeping like a baby .
he's very fond of reading .
he's very fond of walking .
heat turns ice into water .
help yourself to the cake .
her father is a policeman .
her name often escapes me .
here is their photo album .
here's what you should do .
hey , don't touch anything !
his concert was very good .
his father is a physicist .
his hair has turned white .
his illness may be cancer .
his new record sells well .
his room was brightly lit .
his troubles are not over .
his view is quite logical .
his work is below average .
how are you feeling today ?
how do you define success ?
how do you not understand ?
how does this camera work ?
how does this concern you ?
how high is that mountain ?
how many colors are there ?
how many people have died ?
how much were the glasses ?
how old are your children ?
how would you describe me ?
how'd you get that shiner ?
how's your old lady doing ?
i accused him of cheating .
i admit having done wrong .
i admit that it's strange .
i admit to being careless .
i agree with that opinion .
i agree with your opinion .
i almost missed the train .
i always keep my promises .
i am a university student .
i am not getting involved .
i am watering the flowers .
i apologize for the delay .
i appreciate how you feel .
i appreciate this so much .
i arrived there too early .
i believe he is competent .
i believe in my abilities .
i believe that he's happy .
i bought a book yesterday .
i bought a new television .
i brought you some coffee .
i called him this morning .
i can hardly believe this .
i can teach you something .
i can't believe it either .
i can't believe it's true .
i can't come over tonight .
i can't compete with this .
i can't drive myself home .
i can't explain it either .
i can't find tom anywhere .
i can't give you anything .
i can't praise him enough .
i can't remember his name .
i can't take another step .
i can't wait another week .
i cannot accept this gift .
i cannot afford a holiday .
i cannot fix the computer .
i cannot stand this noise .
i caught a cold yesterday .
i caught them by surprise .
i could have you arrested .
i could not stop laughing .
i could've gone last week .
i couldn't do that either .
i couldn't find his house .
i couldn't get that lucky .
i couldn't help but laugh .
i couldn't live like that .
i couldn't see tom's face .
i couldn't stand the cold .
i didn't get enough sleep .
i didn't have lunch today .
i didn't like the feeling .
i didn't pull the trigger .
i don't believe in aliens .
i don't believe in ghosts .
i don't believe we've met .
i don't care who's coming .
i don't drink before noon .
i don't feel like dancing .
i don't feel like playing .
i don't feel like singing .
i don't feel like smiling .
i don't feel like talking .
i don't feel like working .
i don't find that helpful .
i don't forget my friends .
i don't get many visitors .
i don't have a girlfriend .
i don't have any brothers .
i don't have any evidence .
i don't have anything new .
i don't have many friends .
i don't have strep throat .
i don't have your courage .
i don't know anything yet .
i don't know my neighbors .
i don't know the password .
i don't know those people .
i don't know what's wrong .
i don't like being inside .
i don't like scary movies .
i don't like sweet drinks .
i don't like this anymore .
i don't like this weather .
i don't like those people .
i don't like your friends .
i don't live here anymore .
i don't need a babysitter .
i don't need a girlfriend .
i don't need a wheelchair .
i don't need other people .
i don't need that anymore .
i don't need them anymore .
i don't need this anymore .
i don't need your charity .
i don't regret doing that .
i don't remember his name .
i don't see the relevance .
i don't see them anywhere .
i don't support his ideas .
i don't think that's true .
i don't trust many people .
i don't want any problems .
i don't want to overreact .
i don't wish to interfere .
i enjoy playing the blues .
i failed the driving test .
i feel bad enough already .
i feel more confident now .
i figured you should know .
i finally gave up smoking .
i fixed the car yesterday .
i flew to osaka yesterday .
i forget to telephone him .
i forgot my email address .
i found a nice restaurant .
i found the broken camera .
i get along with everyone .
i got hammered last night .
i got my bicycle repaired .
i groped for a flashlight .
i guess we're not invited .
i had a healthy breakfast .
i had a premonition today .
i had my photograph taken .
i hardly slept last night .
i hate this job sometimes .
i have a facebook account .
i have a business meeting .
i have a business partner .
i have a couple questions .
i have a poor imagination .
i have a prior engagement .
i have absolutely no clue .
i have absolutely no idea .
i have almost no appetite .
i have an eating disorder .
i have been expecting you .
i have had an inspiration .
i have homework to finish .
i have low blood pressure .
i have midterms next week .
i have nothing to declare .
i have plenty of theories .
i have relatives in milan .
i have some english books .
i have something of yours .
i have something to trade .
i have something you want .
i have to start somewhere .
i have very good eyesight .
i have visited paris once .
i have your schedule here .
i haven't broken any laws .
i haven't eaten lunch yet .
i haven't gotten paid yet .
i haven't lost any weight .
i hear what you're saying .
i heard shots being fired .
i hope everything is okay .
i hope that's good enough .
i hope they appreciate it .
i hope you all understand .
i hope you brought coffee .
i hope you have insurance .
i hope you're well rested .
i just bought these shoes .
i just can't believe this .
i just couldn't stay away .
i just don't care anymore .
i just feel like relaxing .
i just got here yesterday .
i just love bargain sales .
i just love happy endings .
i knew this wouldn't work .
i know what he's thinking .
i know what they're doing .
i know you like chocolate .
i know you're not serious .
i learned french in paris .
i learned a little french .
i like listening to music .
i like speaking in french .
i like swimming very much .
i like to play basketball .
i like traveling by train .
i like watching tom dance .
i lost my watch yesterday .
i love the great outdoors .
i made a careless mistake .
i made these boxes myself .
i married off my daughter .
i must have been dreaming .
i must tell you something .
i need a bigger challenge .
i need a pencil sharpener .
i neither drink nor smoke .
i neither smoke nor drink .
i never worried about tom .
i never would've shot you .
i only have one condition .
i painted the fence green .
i picked you some flowers .
i prefer spring to autumn .
i prefer to remain seated .
i realized i couldn't win .
i realized i wasn't ready .
i really didn't have time .
i really do appreciate it .
i really don't believe it .
i really must finish this .
i received a warm welcome .
i regret having done that .
i remember writing to her .
i should've gone with tom .
i shouldn't have slept in .
i shouldn't have told tom .
i slept all day yesterday .
i slept through the storm .
i sometimes dream of home .
i speak english every day .
i speak a little japanese .
i spent 100 dollars today .
i still love this bicycle .
i swim here every morning .
i think tom already knows .
i think tom deserves that .
i think tom is courageous .
i think tom is dependable .
i think tom is illiterate .
i think it's worth asking .
i think that she's honest .
i think that you're wrong .
i think that's very clear .
i think there's a problem .
i think they're using you .
i think this is delicious .
i think this is important .
i think we forgot someone .
i think we're about ready .
i think we've seen enough .
i think you saw something .
i think you're both right .
i think you've had enough .
i thought i saw something .
i thought it'd get easier .
i thought they'd heard us .
i thought we should leave .
i thought we were friends .
i thought you should know .
i thought you wanted this .
i thought you were asleep .
i thought you were hungry .
i thought you were taller .
i thought you'd be taller .
i thought you'd gone home .
i thought you'd never ask .
i tried to avoid conflict .
i turned thirty last week .
i understand how you feel .
i understand how you felt .
i usually don't work here .
i usually shower at night .
i walked around the block .
i walked from the station .
i want new business cards .
i want something to drink .
i want the absolute truth .
i want to check something .
i want to hear everything .
i want to know everything .
i wanted something to eat .
i was disappointed in her .
i was exhausted from work .
i was expecting the worst .
i was just being friendly .
i was just fooling around .
i was just here yesterday .
i was just looking around .
i was just messing around .
i was struck by lightning .
i was thinking of leaving .
i was very busy yesterday .
i was worried for nothing .
i wasn't informed of this .
i wasn't offended by that .
i watched tv this morning .
i watched the whole thing .
i went to tom's apartment .
i will follow your advice .
i will stay home tomorrow .
i will think of something .
i wish you'd called first .
i won't betray your trust .
i won't obey those orders .
i won't pretend i'm sorry .
i worry about your health .
i would advise against it .
i would like chicken soup .
i would lodge a complaint .
i wouldn't change a thing .
i wouldn't try that again .
i wouldn't worry about it .
i'd be happy to cooperate .
i'd like a little privacy .
i'd like a second opinion .
i'd like one more blanket .
i'd like some more coffee .
i'd like something to eat .
i'd make a good chaperone .
i'd never let that happen .
i'd rather die than leave .
i'll arrange that for you .
i'll be free this evening .
i'll be there on saturday .
i'll be waiting out front .
i'll borrow us some tools .
i'll call you after lunch .
i'll call you later today .
i'll catch the next plane .
i'll catch the next train .
i'll check with you later .
i'll do anything you wish .
i'll do the work tomorrow .
i'll do whatever it takes .
i'll do whatever you want .
i'll expect you next week .
i'll explain it all later .
i'll find out soon enough .
i'll get there before you .
i'll give you this camera .
i'll go anywhere you want .
i'll help you if possible .
i'll join you there later .
i'll just get you started .
i'll just leave this here .
i'll lend you my notebook .
i'll make you some coffee .
i'll never be that famous .
i'll never be young again .
i'll see what is possible .
i'll show you around town .
i'll spend the night here .
i'll talk to you tomorrow .
i'll text you the address .
i'll try to distract them .
i'll try to remember that .
i'm a high school student .
i'm a pretty good student .
i'm a pretty good swimmer .
i'm a pretty happy person .
i'm adding the last touch .
i'm afraid i don't follow .
i'm afraid he cannot come .
i'm asking what you think .
i'm beginning to hate her .
i'm being honest with you .
i'm bringing home a pizza .
i'm busy with my homework .
i'm counting on your help .
i'm cutting my trip short .
i'm delighted to meet you .
i'm doing the right thing .
i'm done listening to you .
i'm fairly busy , actually .
i'm feeling kind of tired .
i'm feeling sort of tired .
i'm getting a bad feeling .
i'm getting tired of this .
i'm glad that you'll come .
i'm glad that you're here .
i'm glad you realize that .
i'm glad you weren't here .
i'm glad you're all right .
i'm glad you're my friend .
i'm going back to college .
i'm going to drive myself .
i'm going to the hospital .
i'm growing a beard again .
i'm headed back into town .
i'm in charge of security .
i'm in charge of shopping .
i'm keeping my mouth shut .
i'm learning how to drive .
i'm looking for a sweater .
i'm looking for my camera .
i'm looking forward to it .
i'm much younger than you .
i'm not buying your story .
i'm not convinced of that .
i'm not finished with him .
i'm not finished with you .
i'm not like other people .
i'm not like that anymore .
i'm not on anybody's side .
i'm not pressed for money .
i'm not scared of anybody .
i'm not supposed to drink .
i'm not sure i understand .
i'm not telling you again .
i'm not thinking about it .
i'm not thirsty right now .
i'm not usually this busy .
i'm not worried about tom .
i'm not worried about him .
i'm not worried about you .
i'm not writing about you .
i'm often only half awake .
i'm really busy right now .
i'm relieved to hear that .
i'm relieving you of duty .
i'm running out of energy .
i'm so confused right now .
i'm sorry about your loss .
i'm sure tom is suffering .
i'm sure tom was involved .
i'm sure he would approve .
i'm sure you're very busy .
i'm usually not this busy .
i'm waiting for my friend .
i'm waiting for my mother .
i'm waiting for your help .
i've already fed the baby .
i've been all over europe .
i've been calling all day .
i've been walking all day .
i've been working all day .
i've given up eating meat .
i've got a little problem .
i've got really good news .
i've got somebody with me .
i've got this one covered .
i've known that all along .
i've made lots of friends .
i've met people like that .
i've met that girl before .
i've never been to europe .
i've never broken the law .
i've never seen you laugh .
i've seen all your movies .
i've tried to contact tom .
is her hair naturally red ?
is mercury really a metal ?
is she your only daughter ?
is there someone with you ?
is this the train station ?
isn't it a lovely morning ?
isn't that enough for you ?
isn't that why we're here ?
it can't be a coincidence .
it could be a coincidence .
it could happen to anyone .
it depends on the weather .
it didn't happen that way .
it doesn't make any sense .
it doesn't take very long .
it hadn't crossed my mind .
it has become much warmer .
it is a difficult problem .
it is still light outside .
it is threatening to rain .
it is what everybody says .
it must be here somewhere .
it rained hard last night .
it really breaks my heart .
it really depends on when .
it seems he's still alive .
it seems that she's happy .
it shouldn't be like that .
it was a national scandal .
it was an uphill struggle .
it was just a coincidence .
it was just the beginning .
it was no laughing matter .
it was raining last night .
it was sunny this morning .
it will cool down tonight .
it will soon be september .
it will stop raining soon .
it won't take much longer .
it works pretty well here .
it's a matter of survival .
it's a really good school .
it's a very good question .
it's a very stressful job .
it's always been that way .
it's easier than it looks .
it's enough for five days .
it's harder than it looks .
it's her word against his .
it's just how things work .
it's later than you think .
it's never happened to me .
it's nonsense to try that .
it's not a pyramid scheme .
it's not a secret anymore .
it's not always like that .
it's not always like this .
it's not possible to wait .
it's not the same anymore .
it's not worth the effort .
it's one of those moments .
it's only a minor setback .
it's only a temporary fix .
it's really not that cold .
it's really not that hard .
it's really not that much .
it's starting to cool off .
it's time you got married .
it's too difficult for me .
it's true that she's dead .
it's wonderful to be back .
it's wonderful to be here .
it's worse than i thought .
it's worse than you think .
just ignore what tom said .
just imitate what he does .
just pretend i'm not here .
just remember to have fun .
keep focused on your work .
kissing tom was a mistake .
leaves fall in the autumn .
let me read you something .
let me take your suitcase .
let's check one more time .
let's get the party going .
let's go to the mountains .
let's hope he's all right .
let's jump into the water .
let's not be fooled again .
let's not do that anymore .
let's not go into details .
let's not panic over this .
let's not wait any longer .
let's not waste our money .
let's remember to do that .
let's replace all of them .
let's take a coffee break .
let's take a picture here .
life is full of mysteries .
life is full of surprises .
little remains to be done .
look at all these flowers .
look at that red building .
luna is a reliable person .
many people act like that .
mary is tom's twin sister .
mary is a wedding planner .
mary likes milk very much .
may i borrow your bicycle ?
may i borrow your lighter ?
may i share your umbrella ?
may i use your dictionary ?
maybe tom would like that .
maybe we can sit together .
meet me there at midnight .
more is not always better .
mother bought me the book .
murder is against the law .
my apartment is near here .
my battery is almost dead .
my brother lives in tokyo .
my cough is getting worse .
my daughter caught a cold .
my daughter is often sick .
my father gave up smoking .
my father loves my mother .
my father may be sleeping .
my father was an engineer .
my father's in the garden .
my favorite color is blue .
my house has two bedrooms .
my mobile has been stolen .
my mother cleans the room .
my mother tasted the milk .
my pet cat died yesterday .
my room has three windows .
my sister hit the jackpot !
my time is very expensive .
my watch is very accurate .
my wife really hates cats .
my wife's trying to sleep .
nature is full of mystery .
never speak ill of others .
never trust a naked woman .
no child should go hungry .
no more questions , please .
no one asked your opinion .
no one believed his story .
no one could buy anything .
no one goes there anymore .
no one lives here anymore .
no one opposed the choice .
no one takes me seriously .
no one takes us seriously .
no wonder he was arrested .
nobody would listen to me .
none of that is necessary .
none of us have succeeded .
not all birds build nests .
not even one taxi stopped .
not everybody is the same .
not much time is required .
nothing can save them now .
nothing is left to chance .
nothing is worse than war .
one must follow the rules .
one plus two equals three .
our hotel faces the coast .
our house faces the beach .
our train arrived on time .
pay attention on the road .
people came from all over .
pinocchio had a long nose .
pizza is my favorite food .
please come into the room .
please contact me by mail .
please don't tell my wife .
please eat up your dinner .
please fill out this form .
please give me some water .
please hurry , it's urgent .
please keep this a secret .
please pass me the butter .
please say it more loudly .
please stand face to face .
please take out the trash .
please tell tom i'm sorry .
please tell me it's crazy .
please treat the cat well .
please turn off the light .
please turn off the radio .
press any key to continue .
promise me one more thing .
reading books is my hobby .
remember to lock the door .
remember what tom told us .
roll up your right sleeve .
say hello to your friends .
she always keeps her word .
she arrived late as usual .
she became a great artist .
she bought him some candy .
she brushed away the dust .
she calls him every night .
she cannot be over thirty .
she cannot play the piano .
she could pass for twenty .
she denied having met him .
she didn't come after all .
she didn't have a brother .
she didn't like city life .
she died of typhoid fever .
she doesn't listen to him .
she doesn't live with him .
she dropped out of school .
she handed him his jacket .
she has done her homework .
she has known better days .
she has never gone abroad .
she has never visited him .
she has very good manners .
she is guilty of stealing .
she is knitting a sweater .
she is learning the piano .
she is no ordinary singer .
she is teaching us french .
she isn't afraid of death .
she kept crying all night .
she left with her friends .
she likes music very much .
she lives in an apartment .
she looked after her baby .
she looked at him angrily .
she looked at the picture .
she looks like her mother .
she lost both her parents .
she made her mother happy .
she married him last year .
she met him for breakfast .
she met him only recently .
she might know the answer .
she often calls him names .
she plays the violin well .
she pressured him to quit .
she promised to marry him .
she reminds me of someone .
she said something to him .
she sleeps on her stomach .
she treated him very well .
she turned down the radio .
she turned off the lights .
she usually gets up early .
she was a medical student .
she was absent from class .
she was banished for life .
she was crying last night .
she was forced to confess .
she was humiliated by him .
she was ironing her dress .
she was there all morning .
she wept the entire night .
she wouldn't speak to him .
she's in the hospital now .
she's very afraid of dogs .
should i wash the lettuce ?
should we have some lunch ?
show me where it happened .
some french fries , please .
some men shave their legs .
some of the girls laughed .
some of them are teachers .
some of them were wounded .
some people never grow up .
somebody has left his hat .
somebody stole it from me .
somebody tried to kill me .
sometimes i don't get you .
speak more slowly , please !
stay away from that place .
staying at home is boring .
stop acting like you care .
stop screaming in my ears .
suddenly it began to rain .
suddenly , it became noisy .
suddenly , it looks bigger .
sugar is soluble in water .
take off your wet clothes .
tell me where you've been .
tell us about your family .
thank you for greeting me .
thank you for not smoking .
thank you for stopping by .
thank you for the present .
thank you for your advice .
thank you for your letter .
that almost made me laugh .
that ball could've hit me .
that blouse fits you well .
that doesn't belong to me .
that doesn't happen a lot .
that fact can't be denied .
that girl's eyes are blue .
that may not be necessary .
that pasture is ten acres .
that pleases me very much .
that street is very noisy .
that was a costly mistake .
that was everything i had .
that was painful to watch .
that was totally my fault .
that'll put you in danger .
that's a pretty good idea .
that's all i was thinking .
that's an old wives' tale .
that's exactly how i feel .
that's exactly what i did .
that's just what i needed .
that's just what he needs .
that's not a bad decision .
that's what i really want .
that's what i'm afraid of .
that's what you always do .
that's what you should do .
that's why i brought this .
that's why i'm a bachelor .
that's why i'm here today .
the allies wasted no time .
the congress had no money .
the alligator ate the dog .
the answers are all right .
the baby doesn't walk yet .
the baby needs his mother .
the baby needs its mother .
the baby wants its mother .
the baby was sound asleep .
the bad smell sickened me .
the bird spread its wings .
the bullet found its mark .
the bus is always crowded .
the cat is licking itself .
the cat scratched my hand .
the concert was a success .
the cows are eating grass .
the crow spread his wings .
the default value is zero .
the dogs barked all night .
the door handle is broken .
the elevator is coming up .
the event made him famous .
the girl entered the room .
the girls danced to music .
the ground was very rocky .
the hotel was burned down .
the house has been bought .
the hunter caught the fox .
the king abused his power .
the matter is all settled .
the meat is really tender .
the meeting was held here .
the movie was really good .
the opera starts at seven .
the organ started to play .
the pain hasn't gone away .
the pain is getting worse .
the papers got blown away .
the park was almost empty .
the picnic lasted all day .
the plane arrived on time .
the price of meat dropped .
the rain turned into snow .
the reason is very simple .
the road turns left there .
the rumor's all over town .
the slave tried to escape .
the soldier gave his name .
the store closes at seven .
the street lights went on .
the street was very empty .
the tires are very sticky .
the train arrived on time .
the tree blocked the road .
the water has boiled away .
the water is deepest here .
the weather is good today .
the weather is really bad .
the weather report is bad .
the whole class was quiet .
the woman hugged the baby .
the woman is taking notes .
the woman washes her face .
the workers are on strike .
the world has five oceans .
the worst is already over .
the years pass by quickly .
their daughter is a nurse .
there are almost no books .
there are no clean plates .
there are no comments yet .
there are no easy answers .
there are no more bullets .
there are no tickets left .
there are plenty of rocks .
there is little time left .
there is no running water .
there isn't any milk left .
there isn't any more time .
there must be another way .
there was nothing to burn .
there's dust on the table .
there's no cure for death .
there's nothing we can do .
there's too much at stake .
these cups are all broken .
these shoes are too small .
these shoes belong to tom .
these shoes cost too much .
they are crazy about jazz .
they are reading her book .
they are watching a movie .
they arrived at the hotel .
they can't hear me either .
they can't push us around .
they didn't find the bomb .
they don't sell beer here .
they felt sure of success .
they fought until the end .
they found the room empty .
they got a warm reception .
they had a spat yesterday .
they have plenty of money .
they have plenty of water .
they have the same habits .
they invited me to dinner .
they know what's going on .
they left the movie early .
they live near the school .
they made me really angry .
they never did an autopsy .
they never really told me .
they relaxed on the beach .
they rely on the foodbank .
they sank ten enemy ships .
they smiled at each other .
they stood on the hilltop .
they went to the hospital .
they're going to hang tom .
they're lucky to be alive .
things got out of control .
this coffee is too bitter .
this dress suits you well .
this handle will not turn .
this happens all the time .
this is tom's photo album .
this is a beautiful house .
this is a good suggestion .
this is a great apartment .
this is a serious setback .
this is impossible for me .
this is kind of expensive .
this is my father's house .
this is my favorite movie .
this is not a coincidence .
this is not funny anymore .
this is smaller than that .
this is the perfect place .
this isn't what i ordered .
this laptop belongs to me .
this list is not official .
this movie makes no sense .
this pizza is really good .
this question is not easy .
this racket belongs to me .
this site is quite useful .
this soup needs more salt .
this stain won't come out .
this storm will also pass .
this wall feels very cold .
this winter has been mild .
those are all great ideas .
tom always makes me laugh .
tom and john are brothers .
tom and mary adopted john .
tom and mary aren't alone .
tom and mary went outside .
tom and mary were worried .
tom called mary every day .
tom can't help us anymore .
tom can't hurt us anymore .
tom can't make it tonight .
tom closed his eyes again .
tom couldn't have done it .
tom couldn't help but cry .
tom didn't have a brother .
tom didn't look very well .
tom didn't notice a thing .
tom didn't seem very busy .
tom doesn't have a choice .
tom doesn't have a ticket .
tom doesn't love his wife .
tom doesn't want to leave .
tom drinks beer every day .
tom escaped from his cell .
tom even likes cold pizza .
tom glanced at the others .
tom had a little accident .
tom has a terrible secret .
tom has a wonderful voice .
tom has done his homework .
tom has his father's eyes .
tom has just spotted mary .
tom has really hairy arms .
tom hates waiting in line .
tom introduced me to mary .
tom is a regular customer .
tom is a wonderful dancer .
tom is always watching tv .
tom is an aspiring writer .
tom is extremely busy now .
tom is guilty of stealing .
tom is just being himself .
tom is listening to music .
tom is still very unhappy .
tom is studying in boston .
tom is the main character .
tom isn't going to listen .
tom isn't good at cooking .
tom just went on vacation .
tom knows that won't work .
tom leaned on the counter .
tom left everything to me .
tom looks like his mother .
tom lost his favorite toy .
tom needs to be medicated .
tom needs to do something .
tom never sings in public .
tom no longer trusts mary .
tom now lives near boston .
tom offered mary his beer .
tom often walks to school .
tom ought to stop smoking .
tom passed away last year .
tom pulled the fire alarm .
tom raised his right hand .
tom read the letter aloud .
tom reads to his daughter .
tom realized he was alone .
tom really needs our help .
tom rolled up his sleeves .
tom said he wasn't hungry .
tom should have paid mary .
tom should've been in bed .
tom showed mary the photo .
tom showed mary the ropes .
tom slammed on the brakes .
tom stepped off the train .
tom turned off the lights .
tom typed in the password .
tom used to be aggressive .
tom usually comes on time .
tom wants me to apologize .
tom was a baseball player .
tom was married back then .
tom was screaming at mary .
tom was sitting behind me .
tom was taken by surprise .
tom wasn't at the meeting .
tom wasn't wearing a belt .
tom will be busy tomorrow .
tom wiped the table clean .
tom wished mary good luck .
tom won't talk about that .
tom wouldn't take my call .
tom's room was very clean .
true love never grows old .
two small bottles , please .
wash your hands with soap .
water is heavier than oil .
we all strive for success .
we all wish for happiness .
we all worked really hard .
we are brother and sister .
we aren't afraid of death .
we aren't very hungry yet .
we arrived three days ago .
we ate breakfast at seven .
we better tell the others .
we buy stationery in bulk .
we called off the wedding .
we can't be more specific .
we can't call their bluff .
we can't hang around here .
we can't help you anymore .
we can't thank you enough .
we can't trust anyone now .
we could not overtake him .
we didn't help tom escape .
we don't have enough beer .
we don't have enough time .
we don't know for certain .
we don't need anyone else .
we don't need you anymore .
we don't say that anymore .
we had a pleasant evening .
we have a serious problem .
we have not yet succeeded .
we know you're not stupid .
we left nothing to chance .
we made friends with them .
we make an excellent team .
we must observe the rules .
we partied all night long .
we should call the doctor .
we should call the police .
we should cancel the hike .
we suspected him of lying .
we think that he's honest .
we usually walk to school .
we voted against the bill .
we walked along the beach .
we walked along the river .
we walked among the trees .
we walked around the pond .
we watched tv after lunch .
we went camping in august .
we would have helped them .
we'll have plenty of time .
we'll talk about it later .
we're almost out of sugar .
we're as hungry as wolves .
we're getting out of here .
we're going the wrong way .
we're going to the movies .
we're here to protect you .
we're late because of you .
we're not to be disturbed .
we're up against the wall .
we've got nothing to hide .
we've only got one chance .
well , you've convinced me .
were you tired last night ?
whales feed on small fish .
what are you crunching on ?
what did she actually say ?
what did you do yesterday ?
what does the future hold ?
what evidence do you have ?
what happened to your car ?
what happened to your dog ?
what has brought you here ?
what have you eaten today ?
what he said surprised me .
what if somebody saw this ?
what if somebody sees you ?
what if someone finds out ?
what if someone sees this ?
what is she worried about ?
what is the exchange rate ?
what is your phone number ?
what is your type exactly ?
what makes you think that ?
what position do you hold ?
what shall we eat tonight ?
what she said wasn't true .
what song was tom singing ?
what steps should we take ?
what symptoms do you have ?
what trouble can he cause ?
what was the weather like ?
what were her final words ?
what were you doing there ?
what were you thinking of ?
what'll grow in this soil ?
what's all the fuss about ?
what's become of your dog ?
what's in all these boxes ?
what's so hard to believe ?
what's taking you so long ?
what's the new boy's name ?
what's the new guy's name ?
what's wrong with my idea ?
what's your date of birth ?
whatever she says is true .
when did you quit smoking ?
when did you start dating ?
when does the movie start ?
when will she return home ?
when will you get married ?
where i am doesn't matter .
where are the other girls ?
where are the other three ?
where are they sending us ?
where did they learn this ?
where do babies come from ?
where do dreams come from ?
where does that road lead ?
where does this doodad go ?
where exactly do you live ?
where is the bus terminal ?
where is the nearest shop ?
where is this train going ?
where were you last night ?
which brand do you prefer ?
which direction did he go ?
which one will you choose ?
who are you talking about ?
who is playing the guitar ?
who were you talking with ?
who will act as spokesman ?
who will write the report ?
why are we still fighting ?
why are you sitting there ?
why didn't you believe me ?
why didn't you just leave ?
why do you despise people ?
why does everyone hate me ?
why should you suspect me ?
why would anybody kiss me ?
why would someone do that ?
will he come this evening ?
will six o'clock suit you ?
will you be here tomorrow ?
will you have some coffee ?
women age faster than men .
won't you have some fruit ?
would someone shut him up ?
would you care for drinks ?
would you like some salad ?
would you like some water ?
wow ! that looks delicious .
write down your name here .
write on every other line .
yesterday i bought a book .
you are late this morning .
you are selling him short .
you are such a sweetheart .
you better get some sleep .
you can stay till tonight .
you can use my dictionary .
you can't have both books .
you can't reason with tom .
you can't see tom anymore .
you could have been happy .
you didn't keep your word .
you don't deserve to live .
you don't have the ticket .
you don't have to explain .
you don't have to respond .
you don't know my brother .
you don't know the system .
you don't need me anymore .
you don't owe me anything .
you drink too much coffee .
you have the wrong number .
you have to speak english .
you look exactly like tom .
you look like an imbecile .
you made the same mistake .
you may use my dictionary .
you may use my typewriter .
you must accept your role .
you must help your mother .
you must repay your debts .
you need to exercise more .
you need to work together .
you really should read it .
you remind me of somebody .
you said it was important .
you should eat more fruit .
you should relax a little .
you should see the doctor .
you should take my advice .
you should tell the truth .
you shouldn't see her now .
you understand , don't you ?
you used to love swimming .
you were right about this .
you will know soon enough .
you will need a bodyguard .
you will succeed some day .
you'd be perfect for that .
you'd better get up early .
you'd better go in person .
you'd better listen to me .
you'd better not go there .
you'd better not go today .
you'd better not tell tom .
you'd better see a doctor .
you'd better stay with me .
you'll have to pay double .
you'll need some of these .
you'll succeed if you try .
you're german , aren't you ?
you're afraid , aren't you ?
you're going to win today .
you're in the right place .
you're not a teenager yet .
you're on the right track .
you're too drunk to drive .
you're too stupid to live .
you're too young to marry .
you're wrong in this case .
your father is quite tall .
your letter made me happy .
your lives will be spared .
a minute has sixty seconds .
a scream broke the silence .
all of our attempts failed .
all the seats are occupied .
all the stores were closed .
almost no one believed her .
almost no one believed him .
animals are afraid of fire .
anybody can make a mistake .
are cats smarter than dogs ?
are the children at school ?
are you a japanese citizen ?
are you a japanese student ?
are you a registered voter ?
are you certain about this ?
are you children all right ?
are you drinking green tea ?
are you feeling better now ?
are you going much farther ?
are you really that stupid ?
are you seeing anybody now ?
are you staying for dinner ?
are you still playing golf ?
are your children with you ?
bad teeth often cause pain .
bad weather is no obstacle .
banks open at nine o'clock .
be as specific as possible .
be careful with my luggage .
beautiful woman , isn't she ?
bees provide us with honey .
bring the frozen fish here .
brush your teeth every day .
busy hands are happy hands .
can i borrow this umbrella ?
can i borrow your computer ?
can i borrow your scissors ?
can i make one observation ?
can this wait till morning ?
can you answer this riddle ?
can you clean your bedroom ?
can you play an instrument ?
can you repair these shoes ?
can you see the difference ?
can you solve this problem ?
can you speak chinese well ?
can't you just accept that ?
check your answer with his .
classes begin at 8 o'clock .
come see me again tomorrow .
could i have a screwdriver ?
could i make a reservation ?
could you be more specific ?
could you stop saying that ?
could you take our picture ?
did i say something stupid ?
did someone follow us here ?
did they say what happened ?
did you enjoy your holiday ?
did you pay for everything ?
did you receive the letter ?
did you see the transcript ?
did you want anything else ?
did you watch tv yesterday ?
did your mother make those ?
didn't you feel like going ?
didn't you hear me calling ?
didn't you read the manual ?
do you accept credit cards ?
do you believe in miracles ?
do you charge for delivery ?
do you have an appointment ?
do you have any complaints ?
do you have fire insurance ?
do you have psychic powers ?
do you know his birthplace ?
do you know the difference ?
do you like mozart's music ?
do you like playing sports ?
do you like your coworkers ?
do you pluck your eyebrows ?
do you recognize that girl ?
do you think he's sensible ?
do you think it's possible ?
do you want some breakfast ?
do you write short stories ?
do your best in everything .
do your homework right now .
does anyone else hear that ?
does that mean you'll stay ?
doesn't it ever bother you ?
doing that would be stupid .
don't buy things on credit .
don't cut down those trees .
don't even joke about that .
don't judge me too harshly .
don't let tom frighten you .
don't let me influence you .
don't lose sleep over that .
don't make any loud noises .
don't make fun of children .
don't open the present yet .
don't pay attention to her .
don't sleep in the bathtub .
don't spend too much money .
don't take it so literally .
don't talk about my family .
don't trample on the grass .
don't worry about that now .
don't worry about the cost .
don't worry about the past .
don't you miss your father ?
don't you remember my name ?
don't you think it's risky ?
don't you think it's weird ?
don't you watch old movies ?
draw a picture of yourself .
eat whatever food you like .
eat whichever one you like .
english is not spoken here .
every ship needs a captain .
everybody didn't go to bed .
everybody knows i hate tom .
everybody looked up to him .
everyone is looking at tom .
everyone is staring at tom .
everyone is waiting on you .
everyone was looking at me .
everything i said was true .
everything he says is true .
few students knew his name .
fill the bottle with water .
fill the bucket with water .
food is necessary for life .
french is spoken in france .
frogs are afraid of snakes .
give me something to drink .
give someone else a chance .
giving up isn't the answer .
go get your shoes polished .
green is my favorite color .
has he given up cigarettes ?
has the train been delayed ?
have another cup of coffee .
have you ever been married ?
have you ever eaten turkey ?
have you ever shot anybody ?
have you ever visited rome ?
have you met everyone here ?
have you read this article ?
have you seen tom recently ?
have you told your parents ?
have you tried that before ?
have you tried this before ?
he almost never gets angry .
he almost never went there .
he also needs many workers .
he arrived here last night .
he avenged his dead father .
he became a great musician .
he believes in santa claus .
he brought his lunch today .
he can read english easily .
he couldn't find the house .
he decided to have surgery .
he decided to quit smoking .
he decided to study harder .
he didn't say anything new .
he died an unnatural death .
he doesn't have a computer .
he doesn't have the ticket .
he doesn't know any better .
he drinks too much alcohol .
he got ready for departure .
he had a bitter experience .
he had breakfast all alone .
he has a passive character .
he has a remarkable memory .
he has a vivid imagination .
he has an interesting book .
he has been gaining weight .
he has no redeeming traits .
he has three older sisters .
he hasn't changed his mind .
he hasn't left any message .
he hastily packed his bags .
he intruded on her privacy .
he is a compulsive gambler .
he is an aggressive person .
he is busy doing something .
he is capable of treachery .
he is careless about money .
he is crazy about baseball .
he is not altogether wrong .
he is suspected of robbery .
he joined the english club .
he just doesn't measure up .
he leaned against the wall .
he lives across the street .
he looks like your brother .
he made a vivid impression .
he made the children laugh .
he married a canadian girl .
he painted his bicycle red .
he plays golf every sunday .
he predicted she would win .
he provided them with food .
he read the book yesterday .
he saved a hundred dollars .
he seems interested in her .
he shaved his mustache off .
he showed us some pictures .
he smiled and said goodbye .
he solved all the problems .
he speaks english a little .
he started washing his car .
he stood behind his mother .
he stopped talking to them .
he tumbled down the stairs .
he turned pale with fright .
he usually comes home late .
he visited kyoto last year .
he volunteered to help her .
he walked along the street .
he was desperate to escape .
he was elected mayor again .
he was reading a newspaper .
he was reluctant to answer .
he was sentenced to prison .
he was trembling with rage .
he wasn't watching tv then .
he will pay for everything .
he won't call this evening .
he worked harder than ever .
he's a high school student .
he's a smart little feller .
he's addicted to junk food .
he's always looking at you .
he's digging his own grave .
he's much younger than tom .
he's my old drinking buddy .
he's now a college student .
he's somewhere in the park .
he's writing a long letter .
her eyes filled with tears .
her vanity knows no bounds .
here's one of my favorites .
hey , thanks for everything .
his children have grown up .
his death surprised us all .
his eyes betrayed his fear .
his father was a policeman .
his lectures are very long .
hold your applause , please .
honesty is the best policy .
how about sleeping at home ?
how are your parents doing ?
how could it have exploded ?
how could it have happened ?
how could you not remember ?
how have you been recently ?
how heavy is your suitcase ?
how many guards were there ?
how many people were there ?
how many players are there ?
how many windows are there ?
how much are they offering ?
how much is the commission ?
how serious is the problem ?
i actually don't work here .
i actually had fun tonight .
i actually never knew that .
i agree with your proposal .
i already feel much better .
i already have an envelope .
i am interested in english .
i am often in difficulties .
i am starting this evening .
i appreciate all your help .
i arrived later than usual .
i basically like your plan .
i bought a shirt yesterday .
i bought two cotton shirts .
i bought two dozen pencils .
i broke off the engagement .
i brought you some cookies .
i can recall nothing worse .
i can't accept this theory .
i can't believe we're here .
i can't change these plans .
i can't decode the message .
i can't detect any pattern .
i can't disagree with that .
i can't possibly manage it .
i can't predict the future .
i can't really describe it .
i can't remember very much .
i can't stand her jealousy .
i can't stand these people .
i cannot praise her enough .
i cannot stop the bleeding .
i cooked supper last night .
i couldn't believe my eyes .
i couldn't sleep all night .
i couldn't take your place .
i cut myself while shaving .
i deserve better than this .
i did everything by myself .
i did everything you asked .
i didn't call an ambulance .
i didn't catch the meaning .
i didn't feel like cooking .
i didn't make any promises .
i didn't really believe it .
i didn't really enjoy that .
i didn't sleep long enough .
i didn't take it seriously .
i didn't write that letter .
i didn't write this letter .
i don't actually have them .
i don't actually work here .
i don't care about fashion .
i don't care what happened .
i don't carry cash anymore .
i don't even remember that .
i don't feel like laughing .
i don't feel like partying .
i don't feel like studying .
i don't get the connection .
i don't have any allergies .
i don't have any furniture .
i don't have any questions .
i don't have anything else .
i don't have the authority .
i don't have those answers .
i don't have your strength .
i don't know exactly where .
i don't know what happened .
i don't know where exactly .
i don't like anything here .
i don't like being cheated .
i don't like horror movies .
i don't like that sentence .
i don't like these remarks .
i don't like your attitude .
i don't need anyone's help .
i don't need looking after .
i don't ordinarily do this .
i don't really like horses .
i don't recall saying that .
i don't remember your name .
i don't see anybody inside .
i don't see the connection .
i don't see the difference .
i don't see what's changed .
i don't take it personally .
i don't think that's right .
i don't want anything more .
i don't want your business .
i don't work there anymore .
i enjoyed talking with her .
i enjoyed talking with him .
i feel like another person .
i feel strongly about this .
i feel terrible about that .
i felt awkward around them .
i figured something was up .
i finally passed that test .
i find you very attractive .
i forget your phone number .
i found the test difficult .
i generally agree with her .
i get along with everybody .
i got bitten by mosquitoes .
i had a horrible childhood .
i had a similar experience .
i have a flexible schedule .
i have a guilty conscience .
i have a vivid imagination .
i have already eaten lunch .
i have billions of dollars .
i have high blood pressure .
i have no plans whatsoever .
i have very sensitive skin .
i haven't finished my work .
i hope you understand that .
i hope you're not offended .
i immediately built a fire .
i joined the football team .
i just changed my password .
i just don't like football .
i just don't understand it .
i just followed the recipe .
i just signed the contract .
i just wanted to apologize .
i kind of anticipated that .
i knew we forgot something .
i know tom knows something .
i know it's not impossible .
i know nothing about music .
i know something you don't .
i know they're still alive .
i leave for paris tomorrow .
i like figuring things out .
i like wearing old clothes .
i like what you've written .
i listen to jazz sometimes .
i lost my health insurance .
i lost my travelers checks .
i love jokes about animals .
i love what you're wearing .
i loved watching you dance .
i made a few modifications .
i may be overthinking this .
i met my friends yesterday .
i need the following items .
i never mentioned it again .
i never received the money .
i never should've left you .
i never stopped loving you .
i never thought about that .
i only have one suggestion .
i prefer riding to walking .
i really can't accept this .
i really do like christmas .
i really hope you're right .
i really like my coworkers .
i really regret doing that .
i really trust his ability .
i really want a motorcycle .
i remember seeing him once .
i saw him playing baseball .
i saw my friends yesterday .
i saw people wearing jeans .
i see life differently now .
i should get back upstairs .
i should have come earlier .
i should have left earlier .
i should have studied more .
i should have told someone .
i shouldn't have done that .
i shouldn't have done this .
i started reading the book .
i study chinese in beijing .
i suppose i'd better leave .
i suppose that's all right .
i then began to understand .
i think i've persuaded tom .
i think tom is incompetent .
i think tom needs stitches .
i think he'll never return .
i think it's a possibility .
i think it's very romantic .
i think love doesn't exist .
i think something is wrong .
i think that's the problem .
i think we're pretty lucky .
i think you'd better leave .
i think you've done enough .
i thought i had everything .
i thought i recognized tom .
i thought i recognized you .
i thought i'd surprise you .
i thought tom didn't drink .
i thought tom was canadian .
i thought tom was bluffing .
i thought tom was sleeping .
i thought he wouldn't come .
i thought it was hilarious .
i thought it was lunchtime .
i thought that was obvious .
i thought you had homework .
i thought you needed money .
i thought you were injured .
i thought you were kidding .
i thought you were serious .
i thought you were working .
i thought you'd be pleased .
i thought you'd never call .
i treat everybody the same .
i understand what you mean .
i used to collect coasters .
i walked across the street .
i want a personal computer .
i wasn't feeling very well .
i wasn't prepared for this .
i wasn't talking about tom .
i wasn't talking about you .
i went fishing last monday .
i will always remember you .
i wonder if you understand .
i wonder what raccoons eat .
i wonder why birds migrate .
i would appreciate a reply .
i'd like a shrimp cocktail .
i'd like to change clothes .
i'd really rather not know .
i'll be there monday night .
i'll do everything for you .
i'll examine it for myself .
i'll give you five dollars .
i'll give you this pendant .
i'll have what he's having .
i'll look after that child .
i'll never forget that day .
i'll stay at home tomorrow .
i'll tell you what's wrong .
i'm a stranger here myself .
i'm afraid of wild animals .
i'm also taking this train .
i'm content with my salary .
i'm doing everything i can .
i'm excited about the move .
i'm feeling kind of sleepy .
i'm glad you're still here .
i'm going to reconsider it .
i'm just stating the facts .
i'm just thinking out loud .
i'm just trying to survive .
i'm not doing this anymore .
i'm not going to disappear .
i'm not good at pretending .
i'm not interested in that .
i'm not invited to parties .
i'm not keeping this thing .
i'm not quite finished yet .
i'm not sure what happened .
i'm not taking any chances .
i'm not talking about that .
i'm not that desperate yet .
i'm not worried about them .
i'm off to turkey tomorrow .
i'm only telling the truth .
i'm painting an easter egg .
i'm really angry right now .
i'm reluctant to visit him .
i'm satisfied with my work .
i'm sorry about last night .
i'm sorry about my mistake .
i'm sorry to interrupt you .
i'm sure he'll leave early .
i'm tired of being careful .
i'm tired of playing games .
i'm tougher than you think .
i'm very worried about you .
i've been shopping all day .
i've been very busy lately .
i've been very lucky today .
i've changed my mind again .
i've got lots of questions .
i've got nothing to report .
i've got plenty of friends .
i've got something for you .
i've heard all this before .
i've just finished my work .
i've lost interest in golf .
i've never seen him before .
i've often heard about you .
i've read both these books .
is one thousand yen enough ?
is ten thousand yen enough ?
is there anything to drink ?
is there anything you need ?
is this the art department ?
is this your favorite song ?
it could happen to anybody .
it hardly ever rains there .
it has an unpleasant taste .
it has become quite common .
it hasn't been done before .
it hasn't been painted yet .
it is getting dark outside .
it just doesn't look right .
it looks like he's winning .
it may rain this afternoon .
it rained during the night .
it seems interesting to me .
it was a beautiful wedding .
it was a complete disaster .
it was a wonderful feeling .
it was pitch black outside .
it wasn't a smart decision .
it wasn't an easy decision .
it will be cloudy tomorrow .
it'll be very hot tomorrow .
it'll help you save energy .
it's a matter of principle .
it's a skilful card player .
it's a very simple process .
it's about time for dinner .
it's all happening so fast .
it's always been like that .
it's been nice meeting you .
it's better than the movie .
it's better you don't know .
it's easier said than done .
it's easier than it sounds .
it's every man for himself .
it's exactly as i expected .
it's hardly raining at all .
it's his word against hers .
it's impossible to do that .
it's just a little further .
it's never going to happen .
it's next to that building .
it's no use kidding myself .
it's none of your business .
it's not at all impossible .
it's not up for discussion .
it's probably just a phase .
it's raining cats and dogs .
it's rather cold for april .
it's really not that heavy .
it's the next logical step .
it's the same for everyone .
it's way past your bedtime .
japan is full of surprises !
just tell me what happened .
keep focused on your goals .
learn these names by heart .
let tom make the decisions .
let me carry your suitcase .
let me have your attention .
let someone else handle it .
let's drink to his success .
let's get something to eat .
let's go to lunch together .
let's not get carried away .
let's split the bill today .
let's take a group picture .
let's try doing this again .
let's watch a horror movie .
life is hard for everybody .
long skirts are in fashion .
look at that tall building .
look at those black clouds .
many people like to travel .
mary is a formidable woman .
mary is helping her mother .
mary is on maternity leave .
mary took her necklace off .
may i shave your sideburns ?
maybe it wasn't so obvious .
maybe it's better this way .
might i express my opinion ?
milk is a popular beverage .
modern cats don't eat mice .
money has changed his life .
music makes our life happy .
my aunt has three children .
my birthday is coming soon .
my brother works in france .
my children live in boston .
my college has a dormitory .
my computer works fine now .
my daughter is fast asleep .
my daughter went to school .
my daugther wants a kitten .
my father drives very well .
my father is a businessman .
my father is not talkative .
my favorite color is brown .
my favorite fish is salmon .
my friends are all married .
my hair is naturally curly .
my heart's beating so fast !
my hobby is reading comics .
my hobby is reading novels .
my hometown is very pretty .
my laptop is running linux .
my mother is making dinner .
my mother lives by herself .
my parents come from china .
my patience is running out .
my sister married a doctor .
my son entered high school .
my work is almost finished .
neither of them looks busy .
new york is worth visiting .
no charges have been filed .
no one can know everything .
no one feels like fighting .
no one here knows anything .
no one knows what happened .
no one works there anymore .
nobody heard the bell ring .
nobody lives in this house .
nobody's ever heard of him .
nobody's going to hire you .
nobody's going to hurt you .
none of them said anything .
not much money is required .
nothing is going to happen .
obviously i made a mistake .
one language is not enough .
one must observe the rules .
one year has twelve months .
our apple tree is blooming .
our budget is very limited .
our love will last forever .
our plans are taking shape .
our team is gaining ground .
physics is my weak subject .
place it wherever you like .
plants require co2 to grow .
please be quiet , everybody .
please don't call the cops .
please don't speak so fast .
please give me a hamburger .
please introduce me to her .
please lie on your stomach .
please read the text below .
please send me a catalogue .
please show me another one .
please take off your shoes .
please turn down the music .
please turn off the lights .
pork doesn't agree with me .
poverty drove him to steal .
prices are high these days .
probably he will come soon .
radio is a great invention .
read after me all together .
read the message once more .
scallops are on sale today .
see you tomorrow at school .
she always walks to school .
she asked after her friend .
she badly needed the money .
she came back before eight .
she came close to drowning .
she devoted herself to him .
she divorced him last year .
she doesn't shave her legs .
she drives an imported car .
she felt her knees tremble .
she gave him mixed signals .
she had her handbag stolen .
she has a brilliant future .
she has an agreeable voice .
she has just turned twelve .
she has just turned twenty .
she has two thousand books .
she insisted on helping me .
she is busy cooking dinner .
she is capable of anything .
she is currently in danger .
she is interested in music .
she is just going shopping .
she is no ordinary student .
she is quick at everything .
she is terrible at cooking .
she isn't afraid of snakes .
she knew the story already .
she leaned on his shoulder .
she looked after the child .
she looked around her room .
she looks very much afraid .
she made a serious mistake .
she makes her mother happy .
she might be seriously ill .
she never thinks about him .
she plays tennis very well .
she pulled down the blinds .
she pulled the blinds down .
she sang better than usual .
she says that she's lonely .
she should help her mother .
she slowly closed her eyes .
she smiled at him uneasily .
she speaks a little arabic .
she stayed here by herself .
she takes after her father .
she takes after her mother .
she talked to the chairman .
she took my joke seriously .
she treated his broken leg .
she was blackmailed by him .
she was burning with anger .
she was listening to music .
she was wearing a negligee .
she was wearing long boots .
she was working last night .
she went there last summer .
she whipped out her pistol .
she wished to be beautiful .
she wore a beautiful dress .
she's getting on all right .
she's got such lovely eyes .
she's loved by her friends .
she's never fallen in love .
she's sitting on the bench .
she's starting to annoy me .
she's wearing a loose coat .
should i call an ambulance ?
shouldn't you take a break ?
some medicine does us harm .
some people are just weird .
someone left you a message .
someone stole all my money .
something is going on here .
speaking in english is fun .
start a new paragraph here .
stay away from my daughter !
stop poking me on facebook .
stop screaming like a girl .
suicide is a desperate act .
summer has arrived at last .
taiwan isn't part of china .
take good care of yourself .
tears are a child's weapon .
tell tom it's an emergency .
tell me about the incident .
tell me you're not serious !
thank you for your concern .
thank you for your efforts .
thank you for your present .
thank you for your trouble .
that book is worth reading .
that boy displayed no fear .
that can happen to anybody .
that child has few friends .
that hadn't occurred to me .
that happened to my friend .
that is a strange sentence .
that is my sister's camera .
that is not altogether bad .
that is our baseball field .
that might not be possible .
that problem is too simple .
that was a good experience .
that was just plain stupid .
that was no ordinary storm .
that wasn't what tom meant .
that will please my father .
that would be really funny .
that's a really good point .
that's a really great idea .
that's exactly what i want .
that's how i do everything .
that's just what i thought .
that's just what he needed .
that's not always the case .
that's not going to change .
that's not how it happened .
that's not what i've heard .
that's not what worries me .
that's not where i'm going .
that's really a great idea .
that's really nice to hear .
that's the reason i'm here .
that's what i was thinking .
that's what the boss wants .
that's what we all thought .
that's what you should say .
the titanic hit an iceberg .
the alarm clock is ringing .
the archer killed the deer .
the baby is still sleeping .
the band is still together .
the banks are closed today .
the bird flapped its wings .
the bird's wing was broken .
the boats collided head on .
the boy is wearing glasses .
the buildings look so tiny .
the cat crossed the street .
the court found him guilty .
the curtain caught on fire .
the curtains were all open .
the desk has three drawers .
the engine would not start .
the exercises did her good .
the fence is painted green .
the fog is getting thicker .
the fog is growing thicker .
the game was very exciting .
the house is painted white .
the house is under repairs .
the ice sheets are melting .
the job is almost finished .
the job offer still stands .
the journey has just begun .
the leaves are turning red .
the leaves have all fallen .
the light came on suddenly .
the light has turned green .
the medicine had no effect .
the meeting was called off .
the moon has no atmosphere .
the movie's about to start .
the nation ceased to exist .
the next sentence is false .
the other one doesn't work .
the pain finally went away .
the paint hasn't dried yet .
the painting won't be sold .
the place was almost empty .
the player faked an injury .
the rain changed into snow .
the rain continued all day .
the rain lasted three days .
the rich have many friends .
the rule should be revised .
the sky is becoming cloudy .
the snow has begun melting .
the teacher got well again .
the theory is not accepted .
the train was almost empty .
the trees are already bare .
the two brothers have died .
the whole world knows that .
the work has already begun .
the workers went on strike .
the world is changing fast .
the worst is probably over .
there are no other options .
there is a serious problem .
there is a solution though .
there is little money left .
there is little water left .
there is nothing to cancel .
there were no clouds today .
there's a party after work .
there's food in the fridge .
there's milk in the fridge .
there's no place like home .
there's no reason to panic .
there's nobody at the door .
there's some truth to this .
these figures don't add up .
they agreed to start early .
they are well looked after .
they braved the snow storm .
they called it mass murder .
they climbed down the tree .
they danced all night long .
they forced her to confess .
they glanced at each other .
they had a heated argument .
they like to stay informed .
they live in constant fear .
they look so cute together .
they made the right choice .
they refused to be drafted .
they smiled at one another .
they watched me in silence .
they water the fruit trees .
they'll be rooting for you .
they'll tell you the truth .
they're in the science lab .
they're out of their minds .
they've had plenty of time .
things are not that simple .
things will only get worse .
this animal is very clever .
this answer made him angry .
this bicycle belongs to me .
this book deals with china .
this book is too expensive .
this book is worth reading .
this car is very expensive .
this car looks pretty cool .
this could save many lives .
this film is a masterpiece .
this girl changed her look .
this is a daily occurrence .
this is a special occasion .
this is a strange sentence .
this is a waterproof watch .
this is all so complicated .
this is all very confusing .
this is an important event .
this is insoluble in water .
this is just the beginning .
this is my sister's camera .
this is our main objective .
this is the important part .
this is the latest fashion .
this is the monsoon season .
this is where you're wrong .
this is your final warning .
this movie is worth seeing .
this place is really noisy .
this puzzle has 500 pieces .
this river is deepest here .
this school has no heating .
this snake is not venomous .
this store sells old books .
this task took three hours .
this wall is painted green .
this will not be tolerated .
this word comes from greek .
this word comes from latin .
this word has two meanings .
those are all fine options .
those are old wives' tales .
tom always tells the truth .
tom and i'll come together .
tom and mary are exhausted .
tom and mary aren't afraid .
tom and mary aren't coming .
tom arrived three days ago .
tom became a national hero .
tom began whistling a tune .
tom bought mary many gifts .
tom calls mary every night .
tom can make anybody laugh .
tom can't afford to retire .
tom climbed into his truck .
tom collapsed on the floor .
tom copies everything i do .
tom couldn't hide his pain .
tom denied having met mary .
tom deserves a better life .
tom didn't do his homework .
tom didn't like that place .
tom didn't look that happy .
tom didn't need it anymore .
tom didn't sleep all night .
tom didn't suspect a thing .
tom died of gastric cancer .
tom doesn't agree with you .
tom doesn't like any sport .
tom doesn't like my family .
tom doesn't like to travel .
tom doesn't often visit us .
tom doesn't sing very well .
tom doesn't swim very well .
tom doesn't win very often .
tom drank himself to death .
tom drives an imported car .
tom fastened his seat belt .
tom felt his knees tremble .
tom felt his phone vibrate .
tom gave mary another wink .
tom gave me thirty dollars .
tom gets angry very easily .
tom goes abroad every year .
tom handed mary a pamphlet .
tom handed mary some money .
tom has a beautiful garden .
tom has a brilliant future .
tom has a driver's license .
tom has a meeting tomorrow .
tom has achieved his goals .
tom has an american accent .
tom has been taken hostage .
tom has been very generous .
tom has pleaded not guilty .
tom has trouble fitting in .
tom headed toward the door .
tom intends to change that .
tom is mary's youngest son .
tom is a financial analyst .
tom is a true professional .
tom is allergic to peanuts .
tom is an excellent lawyer .
tom is being held prisoner .
tom is capable of anything .
tom is confused and scared .
tom is getting some coffee .
tom is good at mathematics .
tom is my mother's brother .
tom is nervous and excited .
tom is terrible at cooking .
tom is the ranking officer .
tom is totally ignoring me .
tom isn't really a teacher .
tom kissed mary good night .
tom knocked on mary's door .
tom leaned over the bridge .
tom left the door unlocked .
tom likes living in boston .
tom likes to play baseball .
tom looked a bit surprised .
tom looked for his glasses .
tom looks a little nervous .
tom lost his boarding pass .
tom made friends with mary .
tom must be really worried .
tom must've heard us enter .
tom needs some new clothes .
tom needs to remember that .
tom never knew his parents .
tom often changes his mind .
tom passed away last night .
tom plays tennis very well .
tom pointed out my mistake .
tom poured himself a drink .
tom quickly figured it out .
tom ran towards the bushes .
tom really cares about you .
tom receives a high salary .
tom refused to settle down .
tom returned to his office .
tom rolled down the window .
tom said mary was canadian .
tom says he's already paid .
tom says it's an emergency .
tom seemed a bit surprised .
tom seems a little nervous .
tom should come right away .
tom should've won the race .
tom shouldn't have told me .
tom showed mary his garden .
tom showed mary my picture .
tom slammed down the phone .
tom slept without a pillow .
tom stared angrily at mary .
tom stepped on mary's foot .
tom studies french as well .
tom thought you were drunk .
tom walks faster than mary .
tom wanted to protect mary .
tom was mary's only friend .
tom was arrested last year .
tom was flirting with mary .
tom was having car trouble .
tom was worried about that .
tom will never forgive you .
tom won't remember a thing .
tom would never leave mary .
tom's body was never found .
tom's leg was badly burned .
tom's plan seemed the best .
tom's rather busy just now .
tom's warned me about that .
try not to forget anything .
vienna is a beautiful city .
visiting tom was a mistake .
walking is a good exercise .
war began five years later .
wasn't it supposed to rain ?
water boils at 100 degrees .
we all learn by experience .
we already know each other .
we arrived at a compromise .
we can't compete with that .
we can't do this ourselves .
we can't go anywhere today .
we can't let this continue .
we can't rush these things .
we can't trust tom anymore .
we cannot live without air .
we climbed the steep slope .
we could've made a fortune .
we discussed it last night .
we don't have a dishwasher .
we don't need these things .
we don't take credit cards .
we had a heated discussion .
we had a wonderful weekend .
we have breakfast at seven .
we have no school tomorrow .
we have nothing against it .
we have nothing to discuss .
we have very good business .
we kept the children quiet .
we must execute his orders .
we need to make sacrifices .
we painted the house green .
we painted the walls white .
we should always obey laws .
we should obey our parents .
we shouldn't be doing this .
we talked about time zones .
we talked in sign language .
we talked on the telephone .
we voted for the candidate .
we were at school together .
we were just holding hands .
we weren't all that hungry .
we will discuss that later .
we will meet again someday .
we worry about your future .
we wouldn't stand a chance .
we'll never get through it .
we'll talk about that soon .
we're all in this together .
we're going back to boston .
we're going to play tennis .
we're meant for each other .
we're meant to be together .
we're not done playing yet .
we're not from around here .
we're not throwing it away .
we've all been here before .
we've all seen that before .
we've got a bigger problem .
we've never been to boston .
we've spent too much money .
were you at home yesterday ?
what are these charges for ?
what are you cooking today ?
what are you doing tonight ?
what are you frightened of ?
what are you guys drinking ?
what are you interested in ?
what are you snickering at ?
what are you talking about ?
what browser are you using ?
what color is mary's scarf ?
what did you say yesterday ?
what does it actually mean ?
what else would you advise ?
what exactly don't you get ?
what happened at the beach ?
what he's doing is illegal .
what is the correct answer ?
what is your mother tongue ?
what language do you speak ?
what languages do you know ?
what time is dinner served ?
what was your first tattoo ?
what's going on down there ?
what's the matter with you ?
what's the meaning of life ?
what's the meaning of that ?
what's wrong with this one ?
when was this church built ?
when was this temple built ?
where are we going tonight ?
where did tom go yesterday ?
where did you learn french ?
where does he practice law ?
where have you been lately ?
where is the greek embassy ?
where is the nearest store ?
where is the ticket office ?
where is the ticket window ?
where shall we eat tonight ?
where were you coming from ?
where's tom going to sleep ?
which car is your father's ?
which one are you bringing ?
which one will they choose ?
who doesn't like the beach ?
who is your favorite actor ?
who made the actual arrest ?
who's the fastest one here ?
whoever did this was smart .
whose phone number is this ?
why are you questioning me ?
why are you saying goodbye ?
why are you standing there ?
why didn't you do anything ?
why is this light blinking ?
why should it be necessary ?
words hurt more than fists .
would you close the window ?
would you like more coffee ?
would you like some coffee ?
would you please slow down ?
write in the date yourself .
write with a ballpoint pen .
you ain't seen nothing yet .
you are always watching tv .
you aren't like the others .
you can't charge that much .
you can't compete with tom .
you can't handle the truth .
you can't hurt my feelings .
you can't leave me hanging .
you deserve more than that .
you didn't have any choice .
you didn't say that before .
you didn't try hard enough .
you don't give orders here .
you don't look very strong .
you don't scare me anymore .
you don't seem too worried .
you forgot to mention that .
you have a beautiful voice .
you have a lovely daughter .
you have something of mine .
you haven't changed at all .
you know it doesn't matter .
you must be less impatient .
you must continue to train .
you must study much harder .
you need to have breakfast .
you never tell me anything .
you probably won't like it .
you should act more calmly .
you should be more careful .
you should call the police .
you should give up smoking .
you should take a vacation .
you should take her advice .
you shouldn't go to school .
you shouldn't have done it .
you sound like your mother .
you speak like your mother .
you three are under arrest .
you will always be welcome .
you'd better come see this .
you'd better not wait here .
you're germans , aren't you ?
you're a jolly good feller .
you're acting like a child .
you're my only real friend .
you're not a child anymore .
you're not allowed in here .
you're not listening to me .
you're part of the problem .
you're sitting in my chair .
you're stupid to trust him .
you're wealthy , aren't you ?
you're winning , aren't you ?
you're wiser than you know .
you're worried , aren't you ?
your brother is very angry .
your dreams have come true .
your dreams will come true .
your eggs are getting cold .
your guess is almost right .
your secret's safe with us .
your suitcase is too heavy .
your thirty minutes are up .
your work is below average .
a child is crying somewhere .
a cold spell gripped europe .
a new difficulty has arisen .
a nurse took my temperature .
a person's soul is immortal .
a terrible fate awaited him .
add one teaspoon of paprika .
all human beings are mortal .
all of them remained silent .
all right , listen carefully .
all the answers are correct .
all the men are hardworking .
all the world desires peace .
am i in trouble financially ?
are all passengers on board ?
are those guys your friends ?
are you chinese or japanese ?
are you an exchange student ?
are you free this afternoon ?
are you good at mathematics ?
are you guys still together ?
are you looking for someone ?
are you mad about something ?
are you making friends here ?
are you ready for halloween ?
are you saying i'm impolite ?
are you still not convinced ?
are you waiting for someone ?
aren't you at least curious ?
aren't you glad you're rich ?
barack obama is a christian .
basho was the greatest poet .
be quiet while i'm speaking .
beijing is bigger than rome .
bigger is not always better .
birch trees have white bark .
blood is thicker than water .
both of them started crying .
bring your brother with you .
bring your friends with you .
bring your sister next time .
call me if anything changes .
call me if anything happens .
can somebody please help me ?
can you describe the object ?
can you eat something there ?
can you please stop singing ?
canada is larger than japan .
children are full of energy .
children are not allowed in .
children grow up so quickly .
china is an emerging market .
choose one from among these .
come the day after tomorrow .
could we discuss this later ?
could you actually eat this ?
could you drive more slowly ?
could you press this button ?
could you solve the problem ?
could you speak more slowly ?
couldn't we cuddle , instead ?
criminals should go to jail .
dad painted the walls white .
deeds are better than words .
do you buy that explanation ?
do you find me unattractive ?
do you have enough blankets ?
do you have some buttermilk ?
do you have work experience ?
do you like indonesian food ?
do you like white chocolate ?
do you like your classmates ?
do you play any instruments ?
do you recognize that woman ?
do you remember saying that ?
do you still not understand ?
do you understand this book ?
do your homework right away .
does tom know what happened ?
does anybody else feel that ?
does that price include tax ?
doesn't it smell like bacon ?
don't ask so many questions .
don't believe what she says .
don't disappear on me again .
don't get ahead of yourself .
don't go against his wishes .
don't let that happen again !
don't put off those matters .
don't take it so personally .
don't take it too literally .
don't talk in the classroom .
don't walk alone after dark .
don't you care what happens ?
don't you have any ambition ?
don't you like chinese food ?
don't you read the tabloids ?
earth is a beautiful planet .
economy cars save you money .
english is spoken in canada .
enjoy yourself for a change .
everybody is busy except me .
everybody is relying on you .
everybody knows we hate tom .
everybody knows who you are .
everybody likes to goof off .
everybody wants to be happy .
everyone ate the same thing .
everyone can't afford a car .
everyone did a fabulous job .
everyone does what he wants .
everyone is friendly to her .
everyone is trying his best .
everyone speaks well of him .
everything is all right now .
everything's going to be ok .
fashion is not my specialty .
few students can read latin .
finding his office was easy .
fishing is not allowed here .
forget about that right now .
fortunately , she didn't die .
france is in western europe .
france is in western europe .
germany has no minimum wage .
get out of here immediately !
give us everything you have .
go to your respective seats .
god can be found everywhere .
gold is heavier than silver .
harvard was founded in 1636 .
has flight 123 been delayed ?
have you ever been arrested ?
have you ever donated blood ?
have you ever visited kyoto ?
have you finished your meal ?
have you finished your work ?
have you had dinner already ?
have you read today's paper ?
have you told me everything ?
haven't you had your dinner ?
haven't you seen the doctor ?
he absconded with the money .
he acquired a large fortune .
he always wears blue shirts .
he arrived there after dark .
he asked her some questions .
he boasted about his skills .
he can speak five languages .
he can't speak much english .
he carried the box upstairs .
he closed the door suddenly .
he developed his own theory .
he didn't dare say anything .
he differs from his brother .
he disappeared in the crowd .
he doesn't always come late .
he doesn't have any friends .
he doesn't play video games .
he exhausted all his energy .
he failed the entrance exam .
he fell asleep during class .
he felt himself growing old .
he gave three wrong answers .
he has a beautiful daughter .
he has a strong personality .
he has an incurable disease .
he hung his head sheepishly .
he is a mathematical genius .
he is always neatly dressed .
he is busy learning english .
he is proficient in english .
he is respected by everyone .
he is roasting coffee beans .
he joined the opposing team .
he jumped across the puddle .
he just cares about himself .
he left the box unprotected .
he likes baseball very much .
he likes to read newspapers .
he looks tired this evening .
he lost everything he owned .
he made an abrupt departure .
he needs something to drink .
he often makes people angry .
he only cares about himself .
he only speaks one language .
he painted the ceiling blue .
he plays baseball every day .
he pretended to be ignorant .
he probably forgot about it .
he repeated his name slowly .
he resigned from his office .
he ruled his kingdom fairly .
he scarcely ever watches tv .
he seldom counts his change .
he should have known better .
he shouldn't have done that .
he speaks english very well .
he started to speak english .
he sticks to his principles .
he survived the plane crash .
he thought it was hilarious .
he took an oral examination .
he took the job reluctantly .
he turned down our proposal .
he walked across the garden .
he walked across the street .
he was accused of cowardice .
he was covered with bruises .
he was expelled from school .
he was naturally very angry .
he worked all day yesterday .
he worked through the night .
he wrote a letter yesterday .
he'll arrive within an hour .
he'll become a good husband .
he's a typical japanese man .
he's able to speak japanese .
he's always late for school .
he's brighter than they are .
he's rough around the edges .
he's screaming , not singing .
he's smoking more than ever .
he's working at his english .
her daughter is very pretty .
her health seemed to suffer .
here is a brief description .
here's where it gets tricky .
here's where the fun begins .
hey everyone , please listen .
his advice didn't help much .
his birthday is august 21st .
his cousin lives in america .
his lecture started on time .
his slacks are all wrinkled .
his wife died in childbirth .
his words hurt her feelings .
hitler led germany into war .
how about taking up jogging ?
how are things coming along ?
how are you feeling tonight ?
how did you learn esperanto ?
how exactly would that work ?
how many children are there ?
how much are these potatoes ?
how old is your grandfather ?
how was the universe formed ?
how would you define normal ?
how's the weather out there ?
i agree with you absolutely .
i almost dropped the plates .
i almost forgot my passport .
i am a gentleman's daughter .
i am interested in swimming .
i apologize for my rudeness .
i appreciate that very much .
i appreciate you being here .
i appreciate you calling me .
i believe we've seen enough .
i bought the book yesterday .
i can see you're frightened .
i can't be held responsible .
i can't believe you're here .
i can't collect my thoughts .
i can't continue doing this .
i can't excuse his laziness .
i can't express my feelings .
i can't figure out anything .
i can't forget his kindness .
i can't imagine that's true .
i can't possibly allow that .
i can't remember doing that .
i can't repair the computer .
i can't stand babies crying .
i can't stand his arrogance .
i can't tell you everything .
i can't think of everything .
i can't wait until tomorrow .
i cannot eat anything today .
i carelessly dropped a vase .
i collect silver tea spoons .
i continue to be optimistic .
i could scarcely believe it .
i couldn't control my anger .
i couldn't sleep last night .
i couldn't take that chance .
i did my homework yesterday .
i didn't cancel the meeting .
i didn't expect that result .
i didn't give them anything .
i didn't need anyone's help .
i don't believe in religion .
i don't believe that either .
i don't believe that's true .
i don't believe you anymore .
i don't care about politics .
i don't feel very confident .
i don't give second chances .
i don't have an appointment .
i don't have any objections .
i don't know what'll happen .
i don't know who's involved .
i don't like powdered sugar .
i don't need an explanation .
i don't need anyone anymore .
i don't play any instrument .
i don't recognize that name .
i don't recognize the sound .
i don't remember doing that .
i don't share your optimism .
i don't speak your language .
i don't take any medication .
i don't take needless risks .
i don't want your apologies .
i exchanged stamps with him .
i feel a little responsible .
i fell asleep while reading .
i figured you wouldn't come .
i finished my lunch quickly .
i finished reading the book .
i forgot you were listening .
i go shopping every morning .
i got your letter yesterday .
i grew these carrots myself .
i guess that's the solution .
i had a terrible experience .
i had a toothache yesterday .
i had an amazing experience .
i hadn't thought about that .
i have a terrible toothache .
i have an important meeting .
i have fulfilled my promise .
i have lost face completely .
i have no further questions .
i have several silver coins .
i haven't finished my lunch .
i haven't the foggiest idea .
i haven't told tom anything .
i heard about your problems .
i heard everything you said .
i heard the leaves rustling .
i heard you switched majors .
i hope i'm not interrupting .
i hope everything went well .
i hope everything works out .
i just couldn't help myself .
i just don't understand you .
i just keep finding excuses .
i just love beautiful women .
i just received your letter .
i know tom was disappointed .
i know something's going on .
i know what you're thinking .
i know you recently retired .
i learned a valuable lesson .
i like things done properly .
i look after my grandfather .
i love everything about tom .
i love shopping for clothes .
i made these clothes myself .
i met the president himself .
i met the principal himself .
i met your father yesterday .
i must leave early tomorrow .
i must organize my thoughts .
i never should've come here .
i noticed her hands shaking .
i opened a checking account .
i prefer reading to writing .
i prefer soccer to baseball .
i prefer walking to cycling .
i quit smoking and drinking .
i really enjoyed last night .
i really like these stories .
i really loved working here .
i really miss my girlfriend .
i really should have called .
i really want to understand .
i recovered from my illness .
i regret becoming a teacher .
i remember locking the door .
i remember reading about it .
i remember when it happened .
i seldom eat dairy products .
i should tell you something .
i should've added more salt .
i should've called a doctor .
i should've changed the oil .
i should've gotten a ticket .
i should've listened to you .
i should've never come here .
i shouldn't have gone there .
i shouldn't have logged off .
i sometimes dream about tom .
i spent hours reading books .
i still couldn't believe it .
i still haven't decided yet .
i think tom injured himself .
i think tom needs something .
i think everything is ready .
i think it's very dangerous .
i think it's very deceptive .
i think we should celebrate .
i think we're finished here .
i think we're getting close .
i thought i heard something .
i thought i knew everything .
i thought tom liked riddles .
i thought something was odd .
i thought you liked parties .
i thought you quit drinking .
i thought you were bluffing .
i thought you were finished .
i thought you'd be grateful .
i understood what you meant .
i visited my father's grave .
i want this building locked .
i was miserable without you .
i watched an american drama .
i will play soccer tomorrow .
i won't eat breakfast today .
i won't tolerate it anymore .
i won't work overtime today .
i would like some envelopes .
i'd like something to drink .
i'd like to visit australia .
i'd never betray your trust .
i'll be perfectly all right .
i'll be seeing him tomorrow .
i'll be seventeen next year .
i'll call tom and apologize .
i'll get you another lawyer .
i'll gladly pay you anytime .
i'll just have to improvise .
i'll mail this letter today .
i'll never forget the sight .
i'm all for your suggestion .
i'm always surprised by him .
i'm certain that he'll come .
i'm deeply offended by this .
i'm done fooling around now .
i'm fond of taking pictures .
i'm getting tired of losing .
i'm going to tell everybody .
i'm here for another reason .
i'm looking for another job .
i'm looking for the manager .
i'm looking forward to that .
i'm not available right now .
i'm not good at negotiating .
i'm not really that thirsty .
i'm not worried about money .
i'm older than your brother .
i'm opening my presents now .
i'm playing with my friends .
i'm really glad you're here .
i'm seeing her this evening .
i'm sick of your complaints .
i'm sorry you're leaving us .
i'm starting to dislike her .
i'm still thinking about it .
i'm studying in the library .
i'm sure she'll leave early .
i'm worried about my weight .
i've actually heard of this .
i've already read this book .
i've always liked that name .
i've been accused of murder .
i've been in trouble before .
i've been thinking about it .
i've been waiting all night .
i've been waiting for hours .
i've been worried all along .
i've caught a terrible cold .
i've decided to study kanji .
i've eaten all the crackers .
i've figured out the puzzle .
i've got some business here .
i've heard that song before .
i've heard you've been sick .
i've lost patience with tom .
i've never been here before .
i've never been to istanbul .
i've never done this before .
i've never seen that before .
i've never told anyone that .
i've often seen him bullied .
i've read hundreds of books .
is he a hardworking student ?
is there a student discount ?
is there a telephone nearby ?
is there any help available ?
is there anyone else around ?
is there something in there ?
is this made in switzerland ?
is this man threatening you ?
is this wine from argentina ?
isn't there anyone you know ?
it always happens like this .
it certainly looks that way .
it happened three hours ago .
it is an endangered species .
it is getting dark outdoors .
it makes all the difference .
it rained all day yesterday .
it snowed all day yesterday .
it started a chain reaction .
it was a resounding success .
it was all your imagination .
it was an immediate success .
it was very windy yesterday .
it will be snowing tomorrow .
it'll soon be three o'clock .
it's a matter of priorities .
it's all downhill from here .
it's already out of fashion .
it's been snowing all night .
it's eight o'clock at night .
it's for my science project .
it's getting out of control .
it's hard to master english .
it's hard to understand you .
it's illegal to buy cocaine .
it's more fun than studying .
it's never been done before .
it's nice to be appreciated .
it's no use trying anything .
it's not my problem anymore .
it's not supposed to happen .
it's nothing i can't handle .
it's one of our specialties .
it's six degrees below zero .
it's too late for apologies .
it's very cold this evening .
it's what we always planned .
keep your hands to yourself .
let's clear up this problem .
let's get the party rolling .
let's get the party started .
let's hope for good results .
let's just not talk anymore .
let's make it three o'clock .
let's not rule anything out .
let's not waste this chance .
let's pretend we are ninjas .
let's start with the basics .
let's take care of business .
let's talk about this later .
let's walk to the bookstore .
man cannot live without air .
many people are on vacation .
mario is an italian citizen .
mary helped her mother cook .
maybe i should study german .
milk doesn't mix with water .
money doesn't grow on trees .
murder is punished by death .
my birthday falls on sunday .
my birthday is october 20th .
my brother speaks very fast .
my father runs a restaurant .
my favorite sport is skiing .
my grades are above average .
my grandmother was a farmer .
my headache is finally gone .
my hobby is taking pictures .
my little finger is swollen .
my mother didn't mention it .
my mother has gone shopping .
my mother prepares my meals .
my neighbors are my friends .
my older sister got engaged .
my parents are in australia .
my patience is wearing thin .
my uncle has three children .
nature is full of mysteries .
never confuse art with life .
next wednesday will be fine .
next time i'll come earlier .
no one answered my question .
no one will change anything .
nobody believed what i said .
nobody can break his record .
nobody cares what you think .
nobody knows about the plan .
nobody talks to tom anymore .
nobody wants to look stupid .
nobody was hungry except me .
nobody'll ever find us here .
nobody's going to blame you .
not everything is about you .
nothing will stop his going .
obviously , it's not working .
ogai is his favorite author .
our baby isn't speaking yet .
our dog will bite strangers .
our friendship did not last .
perhaps he knows this story .
perhaps he missed the train .
playing tennis is his hobby .
please call before you come .
please come see me tomorrow .
please contact me by letter .
please excuse my being late .
please paint the door white .
please prepare for the trip .
please send me another copy .
please show me your picture .
please tell tom mary called .
please tell me your opinion .
please turn down the volume .
please turn off your engine .
please write down your name .
please write your name here .
prices will certainly go up .
put everything in my basket .
put the question in writing .
put yourself in my position .
rabbits like to eat carrots .
rainy season begins in june .
remember not to tell anyone .
rice grows in warm climates .
rich soil yields good crops .
safety is what matters most .
say goodbye to your friends .
selling cars is my business .
she advised him to exercise .
she always dresses in black .
she approved of the wedding .
she brought up two children .
she closed her diary slowly .
she continued with the work .
she couldn't have said that .
she decided to have surgery .
she decided to study abroad .
she despises people who lie .
she didn't like her husband .
she didn't take many photos .
she disappeared in the dark .
she doesn't have the ticket .
she explained it over again .
she has many valuable books .
she has such beautiful eyes .
she hurried across the lawn .
she ignored all my warnings .
she intended to go shopping .
she is an excellent student .
she is certainly over forty .
she is contemplating a trip .
she is drunk with happiness .
she is gracious to everyone .
she is muttering to herself .
she is peeling the potatoes .
she is really into knitting .
she is the executive editor .
she is watering the flowers .
she knows french inside out .
she left france for america .
she loved her mother dearly .
she may use this typewriter .
she painted the walls white .
she proposed giving a party .
she remained silent all day .
she shouldn't go by herself .
she smiled and said goodbye .
she started from the summit .
she tried to commit suicide .
she turned down my proposal .
she usually walks to school .
she volunteered to help him .
she was born in switzerland .
she was busy with housework .
she was holding an umbrella .
she was my first girlfriend .
she won't call this evening .
she worries about my health .
she's digging her own grave .
she's looking the other way .
she's much happier than him .
she's much heavier than him .
she's not the marrying type .
she's very afraid of snakes .
shops are quiet on weekdays .
short hair really suits her .
should i take this medicine ?
silver costs less than gold .
skiing is my favorite sport .
sleep on it before deciding .
smoking in bed is dangerous .
snow fell early this winter .
soccer is my favorite sport .
somebody left the lights on .
someone is calling for help .
someone knocked on the door .
someone was calling my name .
someone's going to hurt tom .
something fishy is going on .
sorry i didn't reply sooner .
sorry , something went wrong .
spanish is spoken in mexico .
spare me the grisly details .
strangely enough , he failed .
take whichever one you like .
take whichever one you want .
take your umbrella with you .
tell tom that i'm exhausted .
tell me about your children .
ten houses were burned down .
thank you for your courtesy .
thank you for your interest .
thank you for your kindness .
thank you for your patience .
thanks for bringing me here .
thanks for your quick reply .
that affair made him famous .
that building is our school .
that classroom is too small .
that girl is very beautiful .
that guy is completely nuts !
that meal was simply divine .
that might happen on monday .
that might not be necessary .
that place is always packed .
that sounded like a gunshot .
that strong light blinds me .
that was a beautiful speech .
that was just another party .
that wasn't what i intended .
that will cost thirty euros .
that's a very good question .
that's exactly what i meant .
that's exactly what i think .
that's exactly what i'd say .
that's exactly what he said .
that's just what you needed .
that's more than i expected .
that's none of your concern .
that's not an issue anymore .
that's not really the point .
that's not the only problem .
that's probably a good idea .
that's really not the point .
that's what i'm counting on .
that's what friends are for .
that's where the problem is .
the japanese have dark eyes .
the arrow missed its target .
the baby screamed all night .
the bed is very comfortable .
the bellows are not working .
the budget must be balanced .
the butcher ground the meat .
the castle might be haunted .
the cattle starved to death .
the corporal is on furlough .
the crew abandoned the ship .
the days are getting longer .
the days are growing longer .
the dog sniffed her luggage .
the door was partially open .
the enemy attacked the town .
the experiment has to begin .
the first stage is complete .
the fish tasted like salmon .
the freezer's in the garage .
the girl trembled with fear .
the hail cracked the window .
the house is well insulated .
the house was painted white .
the idea is very attractive .
the job is practically done .
the kids are finally asleep .
the light suddenly went out .
the mail can't be delivered .
the man connected two wires .
the match didn't take place .
the medicine made me sleepy .
the medicine saved her life .
the meeting was almost over .
the pain started last night .
the party ended at midnight .
the picture is hung crooked .
the police are following us .
the police caught the thief .
the poor are getting poorer .
the price is not reasonable .
the prisoners were set free .
the rich are getting richer .
the room is extremely small .
the room smelled of tobacco .
the rules apply to everyone .
the servant swept the floor .
the sisters are quite alike .
the sisters hate each other .
the sky is getting brighter .
the sky was completely dark .
the store is closed mondays .
the storm stopped the train .
the student raised his hand .
the summer vacation is over .
the sun is shining brightly .
the talks should begin soon .
the towel was quite useless .
the trip was very expensive .
the village needs your help .
the weather is nice tonight .
the whole house was shaking .
the whole world is watching .
the work was very difficult .
their names have escaped me .
there are five pencils here .
there isn't much wind today .
there's a full moon tonight .
there's a problem with that .
there's a yellow rose there .
there's no mistake about it .
there's no one sitting here .
there's no point in waiting .
there's no shortage of work .
there's no turning back now .
there's nothing more to say .
there's nothing we can't do .
these two leaves look alike .
they addressed me as doctor .
they all burst out laughing .
they are both good teachers .
they are reading their book .
they aren't afraid of death .
they can't do anything else .
they concluded he was lying .
they died one after another .
they don't go well together .
they drove the adults crazy .
they fled in all directions .
they found the stolen money .
they have a beautiful house .
they have nothing in common .
they have their own culture .
they invited them to dinner .
they met each other halfway .
they replaced coal with oil .
they settled in the country .
they study in the afternoon .
they teased the new student .
they took food and clothing .
they treated us like family .
they were so happy together .
they won't have arrived yet .
they'll all be here tonight .
they're acting on their own .
they're part - time employees .
things are not looking good .
things didn't go as planned .
think globally , act locally .
this apple tastes very sour .
this blue backpack is heavy .
this book has many pictures .
this cake is very delicious .
this child has been adopted .
this house has eleven rooms .
this house will rent easily .
this is a comfortable chair .
this is a dangerous mission .
this is a frightening place .
this is all very disturbing .
this is an important letter .
this is for your protection .
this is kind of interesting .
this is my business address .
this is risky and dangerous .
this is strictly between us .
this is your pilot speaking .
this knife doesn't cut well .
this movie is a masterpiece .
this paint comes off easily .
this pen doesn't write well .
this problem affects us all .
this ring is very expensive .
this rose is very beautiful .
this rule has no exceptions .
this sentence is not french .
this stone weighs five tons .
this story is worth reading .
this website is very useful .
this will protect your skin .
those houses are my uncle's .
those standing were all men .
those were his actual words .
today is a national holiday .
tom already has our respect .
tom already knows the truth .
tom and mary look surprised .
tom can barely speak french .
tom can't speak french well .
tom can't work this evening .
tom certainly fooled us all .
tom climbed down the ladder .
tom couldn't find his shoes .
tom couldn't have said that .
tom despises people who lie .
tom didn't answer his phone .
tom didn't answer the phone .
tom didn't do anything else .
tom didn't know their names .
tom doesn't like my friends .
tom doesn't owe us anything .
tom doesn't want any coffee .
tom drinks coffee every day .
tom forced himself to speak .
tom goes swimming every day .
tom had a nervous breakdown .
tom has beautiful blue eyes .
tom has been behaving oddly .
tom has changed very little .
tom has quit using facebook .
tom has solved that problem .
tom has some nosy neighbors .
tom has three mobile phones .
tom has written three books .
tom hasn't told me anything .
tom hasn't won anything yet .
tom insisted on going alone .
tom is john's older brother .
tom is a compulsive hoarder .
tom is a shrewd businessman .
tom is also studying french .
tom is persuaded he's right .
tom is traveling by himself .
tom is watering the flowers .
tom is wearing john's shoes .
tom knew nothing about mary .
tom left thirty minutes ago .
tom loves playing the piano .
tom made breakfast for mary .
tom married a canadian girl .
tom needs money for college .
tom no longer trusts anyone .
tom pressed a hidden button .
tom probably went to boston .
tom rents rooms to students .
tom rode the roller coaster .
tom seems to be sympathetic .
tom shaved off his mustache .
tom should've been an actor .
tom shouldn't spend so much .
tom slipped and nearly fell .
tom sometimes walks to work .
tom started loading the gun .
tom started washing his car .
tom still uses a typewriter .
tom took three deep breaths .
tom turned off his computer .
tom was accepted to harvard .
tom was making french fries .
tom won't play tennis today .
tom won't tell you anything .
tom's arm must be amputated .
tom's body will be cremated .
tom's death was an accident .
tom's family was also there .
tom's father is very strict .
tom's father was a diplomat .
tom's father's name is john .
tomorrow morning will be ok .
try to improve your english .
turn on the air conditioner .
two times seven is fourteen .
was tom in boston yesterday ?
water power turns the wheel .
we are changing our clothes .
we asked tom some questions .
we bought some tennis balls .
we bought this in australia .
we can't compromise on this .
we can't sell that bracelet .
we cannot meet your demands .
we don't have a reservation .
we don't have all afternoon .
we don't know our neighbors .
we finally struck a bargain .
we flew across the atlantic .
we gladly accept your offer .
we have always been friends .
we have business to discuss .
we have something in common .
we have to change something .
we have two television sets .
we haven't been invited yet .
we kept together for safety .
we must clean our classroom .
we must concentrate on that .
we must punish him severely .
we must sleep outside today .
we must stay perfectly calm .
we only have three bicycles .
we organized a project team .
we should all work together .
we should hang out sometime .
we should have left earlier .
we should probably tell tom .
we stayed at the dorchester .
we subscribe to a newspaper .
we talked about many things .
we thought it was hilarious .
we will be together forever .
we'd better leave her alone .
we'd better leave him alone .
we'll all be there together .
we'll give you your revenge .
we'll see who answers first .
we'll talk about that later .
we'll talk about this later .
we're about the same height .
we're all very good players .
we're friends from way back .
we're going to keep smiling .
we're going to work tonight .
we're married to each other .
we're quite certain of that .
we're working at the moment .
we've got enough space here .
we've got to conserve water .
we've got to talk seriously .
we've run out of ammunition .
what tom did was incredible .
what are these people doing ?
what are those people doing ?
what are you doing tomorrow ?
what are you grinning about ?
what are you thinking about ?
what are your strong points ?
what are your true feelings ?
what are your weekend plans ?
what do these markings mean ?
what happened to the others ?
what has changed since then ?
what he said embarrassed me .
what insects have you eaten ?
what is there to understand ?
what is your favorite sport ?
what time does school begin ?
what was the weather report ?
what were the meetings like ?
what will the neighbors say ?
what's all the hubbub about ?
what's going on around here ?
what's really going on here ?
what's wrong with your eyes ?
when did the robbery happen ?
when will you stop scheming ?
where are all our suitcases ?
where are we going tomorrow ?
where are your credit cards ?
where can i find toothpaste ?
where is the emergency exit ?
where is the police station ?
where is the south terminal ?
which drinks don't you like ?
which films are showing now ?
which is your favorite team ?
which one is more expensive ?
who is your favorite author ?
who is your favorite player ?
who knows what could happen ?
who was your french teacher ?
who were they talking about ?
who were you dreaming about ?
why are you taking pictures ?
why aren't you all laughing ?
why aren't you taking notes ?
why did you leave australia ?
why didn't somebody call me ?
why didn't you come earlier ?
why didn't you tell someone ?
why don't you say something ?
why not wait until tomorrow ?
why should you be surprised ?
why would anybody come here ?
will tom graduate this year ?
will it rain this afternoon ?
will that make a difference ?
will there be anything else ?
will you come back tomorrow ?
will you read this cookbook ?
will you watch the olympics ?
words could not describe it .
would you like some cookies ?
write your name in capitals .
yakitori is a japanese food .
yesterday he came back late .
you are cleared for takeoff .
you are mistaken about that .
you can invite other people .
you can't deny that anymore .
you can't handle this alone .
you can't unscramble an egg .
you didn't miss the meeting .
you didn't work hard enough .
you don't have to apologize .
you don't seem very pleased .
you have made many mistakes .
you made a horrible mistake .
you must keep your promises .
you must study grammar more .
you should begin right away .
you should help your father .
you shouldn't be doing that .
you shouldn't smoke so much .
you understand me very well .
you won't believe your eyes .
you'd better hand that over .
you'd better tell the truth .
you'll find out soon enough .
you'll never be young again .
you're a mighty good feller .
you're going to regret this .
you're lucky you didn't die .
you're making a big mistake .
you're not making this easy .
you're nothing but a coward .
you're really a hard worker .
you're really absent - minded .
you're right about that one .
you're so impatient with me .
you're starting to scare me .
you're still taller than me .
you're too hard on yourself .
you're wanted by the police .
you've always been that way .
you've been a good audience .
you've given me good advice .
you've got the wrong number .
you've got the wrong person .
your cake is very delicious .
your coat is very beautiful .
your dinner is getting cold .
your father got a promotion .
your father seems very nice .
your marriage is in trouble .
your phone is ringing again .
your prophecy has come true .
your question has no answer .
a big typhoon is approaching .
a swallow flies very swiftly .
admission is free on sundays .
all my friends have bicycles .
all the audience was excited .
all the members were present .
all the students are present .
allow me to introduce myself .
am i under investigation now ?
ambition drove him to murder .
an investigation is going on .
and what happened after that ?
are there any express trains ?
are you all completely crazy ?
are you bringing your camera ?
are you involved in politics ?
are you looking for somebody ?
are you really that ignorant ?
are you sure everything's ok ?
are you volunteering to help ?
are you watching your weight ?
autumn is my favorite season .
better a little than nothing .
boats were racing last night .
both of them seem suspicious .
bring your children with you .
brush your teeth after meals .
call me if something happens .
can you answer this question ?
can you empty the dishwasher ?
children threw stones at him .
choose three books at random .
commit these words to memory .
could i borrow your eyeliner ?
could you please repeat that ?
did he propose any solutions ?
did somebody call the police ?
did somebody mention my name ?
disneyland was built in 1955 .
do they have their suitcases ?
do you have anything cheaper ?
do you have health insurance ?
do you honestly believe that ?
do you take american express ?
do your homework by yourself .
do your parents speak french ?
does anybody know about this ?
does anyone have an antidote ?
does anyone know you're here ?
don't ask too many questions .
don't be ashamed of yourself .
don't exceed the speed limit .
don't forget your ice skates .
don't intrude on her privacy .
don't lean against this wall .
don't let your feelings show .
don't mention this to anyone .
don't share this with anyone .
don't tell father about this .
don't throw away your chance .
don't worry . everything's ok .
don't you have anything else ?
don't you have classes today ?
don't you recognize that man ?
english is a global language .
english is spoken in america .
europeans like to drink wine .
even monkeys fall from trees .
every crime must be punished .
every girl knows that singer .
everybody at school hates me .
everybody is waiting for you .
everybody needs to calm down .
everybody speaks well of her .
everybody speaks well of him .
everyone always asks me that .
everyone has their own style .
everyone seems to be nervous .
everyone should have a hobby .
everyone's going to be tired .
everything has to be perfect .
everything he says upsets me .
everything remains as it was .
facebook is blocked in china .
fallen rocks blocked the way .
football is my favorite game .
frankly speaking , he's wrong .
french is difficult to learn .
gold will not buy everything .
great progress has been made .
guide dogs help blind people .
has the mailman already come ?
have you bought a watermelon ?
have you eaten breakfast yet ?
have you received the letter ?
have you tried japanese beer ?
have you tried online dating ?
have you written your report ?
he always hums while working .
he always keeps his promises .
he always puts himself first .
he always wears dark clothes .
he always wears dark glasses .
he announced the next singer .
he asked an awkward question .
he began skinning the animal .
he came from another country .
he can explain the situation .
he can speak eight languages .
he can't control his desires .
he catches colds very easily .
he changed schools last year .
he chose his words carefully .
he clearly stated that point .
he continued working all day .
he didn't answer my question .
he didn't attend the meeting .
he didn't tell me everything .
he doesn't have any children .
he doesn't work here anymore .
he exchanged yen for dollars .
he exposed himself to danger .
he finished reading the book .
he gladly accepted our offer .
he had a terrible experience .
he has a fertile imagination .
he has a photographic memory .
he has a superiority complex .
he has no political ambition .
he is an experienced teacher .
he is popular with everybody .
he is respected by everybody .
he is sensitive to criticism .
he just returned from abroad .
he leaves for china tomorrow .
he leaves for tokyo tomorrow .
he left everything to chance .
he left for london yesterday .
he looked through a magazine .
he may have already departed .
he must be severely punished .
he needn't have come himself .
he neither smokes nor drinks .
he never breaks his promises .
he only thinks about himself .
he prefers poetry to fiction .
he reached kyoto on saturday .
he refused my friend request .
he repeated the same mistake .
he rubbed his hands together .
he should have worked harder .
he speaks english and french .
he spent the evening reading .
he stopped smoking last year .
he took out his handkerchief .
he treats his employees well .
he tried solving the problem .
he walked through the forest .
he wants these shirts washed .
he was already regretting it .
he was in critical condition .
he was opposed to monopolies .
he was paralyzed with terror .
he watched the boys swimming .
he will play soccer tomorrow .
he will play tennis tomorrow .
he will succeed without fail .
he's cleaning out his closet .
he's fed up with socializing .
he's started writing a novel .
health is better than wealth .
her book is very interesting .
her face suddenly turned red .
her feelings are easily hurt .
her husband is usually drunk .
her mother has gone shopping .
her skin is perfectly smooth .
her voice trembled with rage .
his ambition knows no bounds .
his attempt ended in failure .
his bag was stolen yesterday .
his birthday falls on sunday .
his book is very interesting .
his clothes always smell bad .
his curiosity knew no bounds .
his data is often inaccurate .
his explanation is not clear .
his health ebbed slowly away .
his heart was beating wildly .
his ideas conflict with mine .
his opinion was not accepted .
his prediction has come true .
his project ended in failure .
hitler assumed power in 1933 .
how about dining out tonight ?
how beautiful this flower is !
how does this disease spread ?
how much should you exercise ?
how was the universe created ?
how was your summer vacation ?
hummers are big gas guzzlers .
i am beginning to understand .
i appreciate all you've done .
i appreciate all your advice .
i appreciate you coming here .
i appreciate you stopping by .
i appreciate your telling me .
i ate a nutritious breakfast .
i believe this is inaccurate .
i can't answer that question .
i can't answer your question .
i can't control what happens .
i can't function without you .
i can't pinpoint the problem .
i can't promise you anything .
i can't remember her address .
i can't remember my password .
i can't stand getting beaten .
i cannot accept your present .
i cannot quite understand it .
i caught five fish yesterday .
i completely approve of this .
i considered changing my job .
i continued reading the book .
i couldn't remember his name .
i destroyed all the evidence .
i didn't do anything illegal .
i didn't mean that literally .
i didn't tell him everything .
i didn't tell you everything .
i didn't understand the joke .
i dislike speaking in public .
i don't anticipate a problem .
i don't believe that anymore .
i don't care what's happened .
i don't even understand that .
i don't feel like exercising .
i don't find it intimidating .
i don't find that comforting .
i don't know his whereabouts .
i don't know what's happened .
i don't like being surprised .
i don't like classical music .
i don't like looking foolish .
i don't like oatmeal cookies .
i don't like office politics .
i don't like your girlfriend .
i don't like your suggestion .
i don't need your protection .
i don't read newspapers much .
i don't really know anything .
i don't really understand it .
i don't recognize the number .
i don't see anything special .
i don't see anything strange .
i don't think it's important .
i don't think that's helping .
i don't think you understand .
i don't understand this word .
i don't wear glasses anymore .
i doubled over with laughter .
i feel good after exercising .
i figured everyone was happy .
i figured you weren't coming .
i figured you'd be impressed .
i find that very interesting .
i finished the job yesterday .
i guess i shouldn't complain .
i had a terrible stomachache .
i haven't been sleeping well .
i haven't made much progress .
i haven't seen them anywhere .
i helped my father yesterday .
i hope you're happy together .
i immediately thought of you .
i just bought some cardboard .
i just need some information .
i left my passport somewhere .
i like geography and history .
i like studying wild flowers .
i met him quite unexpectedly .
i met your parents yesterday .
i need a concise explanation .
i never speak french anymore .
i never work during weekends .
i played tennis after school .
i prepared breakfast for tom .
i pretended it didn't happen .
i really hate dairy products .
i really like french cooking .
i really like your paintings .
i remember seeing her before .
i remember seeing you before .
i set myself realistic goals .
i should've done this sooner .
i should've seen this coming .
i think tom is compassionate .
i think it'll freeze tonight .
i think it's very impressive .
i think perhaps you're right .
i think something scared tom .
i think we're being followed .
i thought i'd make breakfast .
i thought tom was unemployed .
i thought everyone was happy .
i thought of you immediately .
i thought they wouldn't come .
i thought you weren't coming .
i thought you'd be different .
i use an electric toothbrush .
i walked 10 kilometers today .
i watch television every day .
i'd forgotten all about that .
i'd like a hotel reservation .
i'd recommend taking a break .
i'll add the finishing touch .
i'll attend the next meeting .
i'll definitely vote for tom .
i'll give you a prescription .
i'll give you another minute .
i'll leave everything to you .
i'm a little behind schedule .
i'm absolutely certain of it .
i'm afraid i'm not available .
i'm afraid i've offended you .
i'm auditioning for the part .
i'm aware of the possibility .
i'm beginning to feel stupid .
i'm beginning to get curious .
i'm calling in sick tomorrow .
i'm glad that you understand .
i'm glad you weren't injured .
i'm glad you're doing better .
i'm going back home tomorrow .
i'm having the same problems .
i'm in a desperate situation .
i'm just making a suggestion .
i'm looking for my cellphone .
i'm looking into getting one .
i'm not frightened of ghosts .
i'm not good at multitasking .
i'm not telling you anything .
i'm not your husband anymore .
i'm parked around the corner .
i'm starting to believe that .
i'm still intimidated by you .
i'm sure that you'll succeed .
i'm tired of keeping secrets .
i'm tired of your complaints .
i'm very disappointed in you .
i'm well acquainted with tom .
i'm worried about the future .
i've already been shot twice .
i've already checked on that .
i've already cleaned my room .
i've already filed my report .
i've already tried that once .
i've always hated this place .
i've become friends with tom .
i've been here all afternoon .
i've been thinking about you .
i've been to hokkaido before .
i've been watching you study .
i've got plenty of customers .
i've heard that sound before .
i've heard this story before .
iron is used in shipbuilding .
is all this really necessary ?
is anybody ready for dessert ?
is eating meat morally wrong ?
is she a computer programmer ?
is that an original painting ?
is that machine still usable ?
is that the railroad station ?
is the battery fully charged ?
is the customer always right ?
it can't wait until tomorrow .
it certainly looks like rain .
it costs around thirty euros .
it couldn't have been better .
it doesn't happen very often .
it is terrible weather today .
it makes no sense whatsoever .
it might rain before evening .
it must've happened that way .
it seems it'll rain tomorrow .
it was a deplorable accident .
it was a divine intervention .
it was a heartbreaking story .
it was an extraordinary year .
it was bitterly cold outside .
it won't make any difference .
it's a pretty smart decision .
it's about 8 kilometers away .
it's almost half past eleven .
it's clear that you're wrong .
it's getting worse and worse .
it's important to read books .
it's normal to make mistakes .
it's not a difficult problem .
it's not all that ridiculous .
it's obvious that he's right .
it's still in good condition .
it's still snowing in boston .
it's such a beautiful flower .
it's the thought that counts .
jackson seemed to get better .
japanese is my mother tongue .
let me answer tom's question .
let me take your temperature .
let's be extra careful today .
let's begin at the beginning .
let's come back here someday .
let's end all this bickering .
let's finish what we started .
let's get started right away .
let's get this party started !
let's get together on sunday .
let's go hiking this weekend .
let's talk about your family .
london is smaller than tokyo .
marriages are made in heaven .
mary didn't wear any jewelry .
mary is tom's younger sister .
mary is young and attractive .
mary looked beautiful to tom .
may i borrow your dictionary ?
may i suggest another option ?
maybe he will arrive tonight .
maybe he won't become famous .
maybe she forgot my birthday .
maybe we should keep looking .
maybe we were too optimistic .
men know nothing about women .
most children love ice cream .
most students walk to school .
most whales feed on plankton .
moths are attracted by light .
mozart's life was very short .
my brother is still sleeping .
my car isn't powerful enough .
my daughter had a concussion .
my dictionary is very useful .
my family enjoyed the picnic .
my father doesn't like music .
my father failed in business .
my father's hobby is fishing .
my grandfather gets up early .
my grandfather likes to walk .
my grandfather loves to read .
my grandmother lived with us .
my hobby is collecting coins .
my house needs major repairs .
my new shoes are comfortable .
my office faces fifth avenue .
my opinion differs from hers .
my parents caught me smoking .
my school marks were average .
my sister isn't studying now .
my wife catches colds easily .
naples is a picturesque city .
never confuse pity with love .
no one believes that anymore .
no one welcomed the proposal .
nobody's forcing you to stay .
nobody's going to rescue you .
normally this would be funny .
not all children like apples .
not every child likes apples .
not everyone agrees with you .
not everyone likes that book .
nothing ever makes him angry .
now they have three children .
obesity is a serious problem .
oil is extracted from olives .
one can't live without water .
one language is never enough .
one minute has sixty seconds .
one must keep one's promises .
one should not make comments .
opportunity waits for no one .
our mothers are strong women .
our supplies are running out .
our teacher looks very young .
our team is still undefeated .
people believe what they see .
people from madrid are weird .
playing the piano isn't easy .
please bring me some glasses .
please do something about it .
please fasten your seat belt .
please have some copies made .
please make yourself at home .
please obey the school rules .
please remember what he said .
please show me your notebook .
please stick out your tongue .
please take care of yourself .
please tell me what happened .
please tell me you're joking .
please tell me your location .
please wait for five minutes .
please write down my address .
portugal is not an exception .
prices are stable these days .
promise me you'll be careful .
queen elizabeth died in 1603 .
rainy days make me depressed .
remember to mail this letter .
report to the emergency room .
she accompanied him to japan .
she adores her older brother .
she always speaks in english .
she apologized for her delay .
she asked him some questions .
she complained of a headache .
she denied having been there .
she disguised herself as him .
she doesn't do anything else .
she doesn't have any enemies .
she emerged from the kitchen .
she got married at seventeen .
she greets him every morning .
she has a comfortable income .
she has a strong personality .
she has some literary talent .
she hasn't reimbursed me yet .
she is always neatly dressed .
she is busy learning english .
she is certainly above forty .
she is friendly to everybody .
she is frightened of thunder .
she is preparing for college .
she left her children behind .
she likes to arrange flowers .
she looked at me seductively .
she owns many valuable works .
she patiently waited for him .
she plays golf every weekend .
she quietly entered the room .
she rarely talked to anybody .
she repeated her name slowly .
she slipped into her clothes .
she stopped singing the song .
she turned down his proposal .
she turned down our proposal .
she waited patiently for him .
she's married to a foreigner .
she's not invited to parties .
she's out shopping for shoes .
sleep is essential to health .
some animals eat their young .
some people relax by reading .
some were unwilling to fight .
some wounds time never heals .
somebody stepped on his foot .
somebody's having a good day .
someone is playing the piano .
someone turned the alarm off .
sometimes i get carried away .
sometimes it's not so simple .
spain is a developed country .
spanish is her mother tongue .
spanish is his mother tongue .
speaking english is not easy .
stay away from my girlfriend .
stay away from my motorcycle .
stop beating around the bush .
stop flirting with my sister .
surgery is the best solution .
take whichever you like best .
tears rolled down his cheeks .
tell me this isn't happening .
tell me what really happened .
tennis is my preferred sport .
thanks for your quick answer .
that bed is very comfortable .
that boy is speaking english .
that computer might not work .
that could've happened to me .
that doesn't cut the mustard .
that dress fit her perfectly .
that horse is very expensive .
that man is completely drunk .
that shop has many customers .
that should last three weeks .
that team has strong players .
that was our first encounter .
that would be almost perfect .
that's because you're a girl .
that's exactly what i expect .
that's exactly what i needed .
that's exactly what tom said .
that's none of your business .
that's not all that happened .
that's not my favorite topic .
that's not really a solution .
that's not really my problem .
that's not what i understand .
that's the reason she's late .
that's what i should've said .
that's what i've always said .
that's what makes me nervous .
that's what's got me worried .
the smiths are our neighbors .
the attempt ended in failure .
the book is very interesting .
the bottle smashed to pieces .
the bread really smells good .
the brothers hate each other .
the car replaced the bicycle .
the child's nose is bleeding .
the church bells are ringing .
the cliff is almost vertical .
the concert hasn't yet begun .
the conference ended at five .
the deadline is drawing near .
the doctor examined the baby .
the enemy torpedoed our ship .
the fish aren't biting today .
the flights haven't left yet .
the house looked very dismal .
the king's son was kidnapped .
the meeting finished at nine .
the meeting is held annually .
the meeting's about to start .
the movie hasn't started yet .
the murder remains a mystery .
the museum is worth visiting .
the national debt is growing .
the new building is enormous .
the new furniture came today .
the people are friendly here .
the place is almost deserted .
the problem should be solved .
the queen visited the museum .
the scars are barely visible .
the sun was shining brightly .
the top is turning clockwise .
the transition won't be easy .
the twins look exactly alike .
the unrest lasted three days .
the weather is getting worse .
the weather is perfect today .
the weather is turning nasty .
the weather is unusual today .
the whole nation wants peace .
the wind gradually died down .
their rooms are always clean .
there are only three options .
there is almost no furniture .
there is strength in numbers .
there won't be anything left .
there's a math test tomorrow .
there's a possibility of war .
there's a rumor going around .
there's another meaning , too .
there's no minimum wage here .
there's no need to apologize .
there's no sign of infection .
there's not a big difference .
there's somebody at the door .
these trousers are too large .
they adopted the little girl .
they agreed to work together .
they are eating their apples .
they are talking about music .
they died on the battlefield .
they each received a present .
they formed a new government .
they had a heated discussion .
they have nothing against it .
they have their own troubles .
they painted the fence green .
they resolved to work harder .
they shouldn't be doing that .
they signed the peace treaty .
they think i'm a millionaire .
they were forced to withdraw .
they will keep their promise .
they won the kissing contest .
they're going to torture tom .
things went great last night .
this better not happen again .
this can't possibly go wrong .
this classroom is very large .
this cloth feels like velvet .
this dress fits me perfectly .
this is a difficult question .
this is a heartwarming movie .
this is an unusual situation .
this is kind of embarrassing .
this is my daughter's school .
this is the american embassy .
this is the most interesting .
this is the only alternative .
this is the perfect location .
this isn't at all surprising .
this isn't surprising at all .
this just doesn't make sense .
this must never happen again .
this really is great weather .
this seems kind of expensive .
this sentence has five words .
this shirt costs ten dollars .
this student's books are new .
this television set is heavy .
those are our teachers' cars .
those are very famous people .
tom and mary stopped kissing .
tom and mary were frightened .
tom began flirting with mary .
tom called mary this morning .
tom carefully opened the box .
tom concentrated on his work .
tom didn't do anything wrong .
tom doesn't have any enemies .
tom doesn't really like dogs .
tom doesn't remember my name .
tom doesn't smile very often .
tom got himself another beer .
tom has a voracious appetite .
tom has been very respectful .
tom has done something wrong .
tom hasn't been married long .
tom hasn't given us anything .
tom heard everything we said .
tom ignored mary all morning .
tom is a professional killer .
tom is an excellent marksman .
tom is in critical condition .
tom is really acting strange .
tom is violent and dangerous .
tom isn't a japanese citizen .
tom isn't afraid of anything .
tom looks like an accountant .
tom lost weight very quickly .
tom made some scrambled eggs .
tom needs open heart surgery .
tom never would've done this .
tom often thought about mary .
tom owes mary thirty dollars .
tom played golf last weekend .
tom plays golf every weekend .
tom pretended to be canadian .
tom rarely wears dark colors .
tom really loves his country .
tom seems to be contributing .
tom seems very distant today .
tom shouldn't have told mary .
tom showed mary john's photo .
tom showed me mary's picture .
tom still doesn't believe it .
tom talked to mary yesterday .
tom thought mary was kidding .
tom vanished without a trace .
tom walked across the street .
tom wants this room spotless .
tom wasn't at mary's funeral .
tom won't bother you anymore .
tom's body has been cremated .
tom's boss is very demanding .
tom's eyelids were half open .
tom's father is an alcoholic .
tomorrow will be another day .
traveling is easy these days .
was there anyone else around ?
was this man threatening you ?
wash your hands before meals .
we actually saw the accident .
we appreciate your hard work .
we arrived there before noon .
we can't ignore this problem .
we can't live without oxygen .
we did nothing in particular .
we have an open relationship .
we have precious little time .
we have the opposite problem .
we must control our passions .
we must destroy the evidence .
we must protect the children .
we need to protect ourselves .
we should all stick together .
we should follow his example .
we should get more organized .
we should love our neighbors .
we should've stayed with tom .
we usually talked in english .
we weren't talking about you .
we'll all be dead eventually .
we'll sort this out tomorrow .
we'll talk about it tomorrow .
we're all together right now .
we're better off without you .
we're going to be aggressive .
we're going to work together .
we're totally cool with that .
we're very satisfied with it .
we've been talking about you .
we've been working all night .
we've only got three minutes .
what are the neighbors doing ?
what are you wearing tonight ?
what could possibly go wrong ?
what difference does it make ?
what direction are you going ?
what do those lights signify ?
what does silence sound like ?
what does this sentence mean ?
what happens if that happens ?
what if something goes wrong ?
what if something went wrong ?
what she says sounds strange .
what were you dreaming about ?
what were you thinking about ?
what will the newspapers say ?
what would your father think ?
what would your mother think ?
what're you doing about this ?
what's done cannot be undone .
what's going to be different ?
what's his most recent novel ?
what's that supposed to mean ?
what's the fare to liverpool ?
what's this chair doing here ?
what's wrong with your phone ?
what's your problem with tom ?
what've you been doing today ?
when is your school festival ?
where are your friends going ?
where is the chinese embassy ?
where was this picture taken ?
where's all that money going ?
where's all this coming from ?
where's my box of chocolates ?
where's the closest bus stop ?
where's the nearest bus stop ?
who are we competing against ?
who are your closest friends ?
who designed the white house ?
who wants some hot chocolate ?
who will be elected chairman ?
who's been eating my peanuts ?
why are girls so complicated ?
why are they always fighting ?
why didn't you call somebody ?
why do people commit suicide ?
why does everybody love cats ?
why doesn't that surprise me ?
why don't you eat vegetables ?
will you watch the superbowl ?
winter is my favorite season .
would you like another apple ?
would you like another drink ?
yes . you're absolutely right .
yesterday i helped my father .
you can't cancel the meeting .
you can't live without water .
you can't play baseball here .
you didn't tell him anything ?
you don't have a temperature .
you don't seem to understand .
you don't seem too surprised .
you gotta get more organized .
you have a great imagination .
you have beautiful blue eyes .
you have such beautiful eyes .
you have to leave everything .
you must respect your elders .
you only need to concentrate .
you really must stop smoking .
you really speak french well .
you should follow his advice .
you should get married again .
you should get some exercise .
you should have come earlier .
you should have known better .
you should keep your promise .
you should run for president .
you should see tom's picture .
you shouldn't eat raw snails .
you shouldn't have done that .
you understand french , right ?
you understand german , right ?
you want to remain anonymous .
you won't find anything here .
you'd better give up smoking .
you'll be crying before long .
you'll go to school tomorrow .
you'll have a wonderful time .
you'll never escape that way .
you'll never leave this town .
you're tom's students , right ?
you're about three days late .
you're carrying this too far .
you're depressed , aren't you ?
you're doing the right thing .
you're driving like a maniac !
you're impressed , aren't you ?
you're just like your father .
you're just like your mother .
you're not going fast enough .
you're not my friend anymore .
you're not telling the truth .
you're not usually like this .
you're not wearing any pants .
you're required to help them .
your birthday is coming soon .
your daughter is very pretty .
your efforts came to nothing .
your sweater is on backwards .
a smile doesn't cost anything .
accidents happen all the time .
all the ingredients are fresh .
america did away with slavery .
are all the passengers aboard ?
are any seats still available ?
are you enjoying your weekend ?
are you free tomorrow evening ?
are you getting enough oxygen ?
are you interested in flowers ?
are you looking for something ?
are you retarded or something ?
are you still studying french ?
are you sure that's necessary ?
aren't you afraid of anything ?
babies crawl before they walk .
basset hounds are gentle dogs .
both brothers are still alive .
both of them started laughing .
bring along something to read .
can anyone answer my question ?
can anyone confirm your story ?
can you pronounce these words ?
can you prove the allegations ?
come over for dinner sometime .
could you please stop singing ?
cross out the incorrect words .
did anybody see what happened ?
did you accept his invitation ?
did you accomplish your goals ?
did you play tennis yesterday ?
did you see anyone suspicious ?
do not underestimate my power .
do you accept the explanation ?
do you have any grandchildren ?
do you have medical insurance ?
do you like french literature ?
do you remember anything else ?
do you take travelers' checks ?
do you think she's attractive ?
does the medicine act quickly ?
does this sentence make sense ?
does this thing actually work ?
don't anybody leave this room .
don't ask such hard questions .
don't be afraid to experiment .
don't buy me presents anymore .
don't cave into their demands .
don't jump to any conclusions .
don't leave the water running .
don't leave your stuff behind .
don't tell me what's possible .
don't toy with her affections .
don't worry about the results .
don't worry about your family .
don't you dare touch anything .
don't you find it interesting ?
don't you see what's happened ?
driving too fast is dangerous .
every rule has its exceptions .
everyone but tom looked happy .
everyone had to start working .
everyone jumped into the pool .
everyone knew what went wrong .
everyone thinks i'm going mad .
everything is going very well .
everything should be in order .
everything's going to be fine .
fact is stranger than fiction .
fallen rocks blocked the road .
flattery will get you nowhere .
food shouldn't look like this .
football is an exciting sport .
french isn't an easy language .
get off the train immediately .
get up early tomorrow morning !
giraffes have very long necks .
give me your telephone number .
guess who's coming for dinner .
habits are difficult to break .
half the students were absent .
has anyone thought about this ?
has something happened to tom ?
hasn't the parcel arrived yet ?
have i answered your question ?
have we understood each other ?
have you already eaten supper ?
have you ever been hypnotized ?
have you ever played baseball ?
have you memorized his number ?
he apologized to the employee .
he appeared thinner every day .
he arrived earlier than usual .
he avenged his father's death .
he bought her some chocolates .
he complained about the noise .
he continued reading the book .
he didn't reveal his identity .
he disappeared into the crowd .
he doesn't live there anymore .
he drank detergent by mistake .
he easily licked his opponent .
he entered junior high school .
he finally achieved his goals .
he goes running every morning .
he had suffered some failures .
he has adapted extremely well .
he has an inferiority complex .
he is familiar with computers .
he isn't actually the manager .
he likes coffee without sugar .
he likes collecting old coins .
he lives in this neighborhood .
he lives paycheck to paycheck .
he lives somewhere about here .
he looked unfriendly at first .
he made mistake after mistake .
he may have misunderstood you .
he met an unexpected obstacle .
he moved into my neighborhood .
he often asks silly questions .
he often eats breakfast there .
he participated in the debate .
he passed away quite suddenly .
he proposed an alternate plan .
he reached for the dictionary .
he regretted having been lazy .
he seldom orders anything new .
he served his king faithfully .
he speaks english fairly well .
he studies history at college .
he thinks he knows everything .
he turned down my application .
he whispered something to her .
he would accept no compromise .
he's a rather rare individual .
he's always changing his mind .
he's an intelligent young man .
he's attracted to asian girls .
he's attracted to asian women .
he's attracted to black women .
he's talking on the telephone .
he's worried about the result .
her older daughter is married .
her speech moved the audience .
here is your appointment card .
his advice counted for little .
his car was seriously damaged .
his father disapproved of him .
his hobby is stamp collecting .
his injuries are all external .
his kindness touched my heart .
his mother sighed with relief .
his new film is disappointing .
his schedule has been changed .
his speech lasted three hours .
how many categories are there ?
how was the weather yesterday ?
i brought you another blanket .
i can't believe this happened .
i can't explain what happened .
i could hardly understand him .
i did something really stupid .
i didn't recognize your voice .
i didn't see anything strange .
i didn't understand this joke .
i don't actually believe that .
i don't approve your decision .
i don't doubt your intentions .
i don't expect you'd remember .
i don't feel anything anymore .
i don't feel comfortable here .
i don't feel like celebrating .
i don't have medical training .
i don't have that information .
i don't have travel insurance .
i don't know what's happening .
i don't like being controlled .
i don't like feeling helpless .
i don't like spoiled children .
i don't need crutches anymore .
i don't need more information .
i don't notice any difference .
i don't particularly like her .
i don't really understand why .
i don't really understand you .
i don't think that's possible .
i don't think they're married .
i eagerly await your decision .
i figured everybody knew that .
i figured everyone was hungry .
i finished the work yesterday .
i finished writing the report .
i forgot my glasses somewhere .
i fully support your proposal .
i hardly ever remember dreams .
i hate talking about politics .
i haven't slept well recently .
i heard him coming downstairs .
i heard the telephone ringing .
i just can't resist chocolate .
i knew something wasn't right .
i know you're not comfortable .
i learned about greek culture .
i left my textbooks somewhere .
i like science fiction better .
i lowered my meat consumption .
i must leave tomorrow morning .
i never promised you anything .
i never should've trusted tom .
i never would've allowed that .
i picked these flowers myself .
i prefer history to geography .
i realized what was happening .
i really appreciate the offer .
i really like this restaurant .
i regret eating those oysters .
i remember meeting you before .
i remember seeing this before .
i subscribe to two newspapers .
i think friends are important .
i think it's tom's motorcycle .
i think that's pretty obvious .
i think you're probably right .
i think you've been fortunate .
i want this computer repaired .
i wasn't entirely sure myself .
i will play football tomorrow .
i won't tolerate that anymore .
i'd rather die than surrender .
i'll continue to offer advice .
i'll tell you what's happened .
i'm allergic to some medicine .
i'm aware of that possibility .
i'm aware of the difficulties .
i'm certainly not your friend .
i'm done watering the flowers .
i'm familiar with such things .
i'm familiar with the subject .
i'm feeling good this morning .
i'm feeling much better today .
i'm friends with tom's sister .
i'm getting married next week .
i'm giving you an opportunity .
i'm going to my grandmother's .
i'm happy because you're here .
i'm more experienced than tom .
i'm not comfortable with this .
i'm not wearing any underwear .
i'm practically an expert now .
i'm pretty sure tom's serious .
i'm really unhappy about this .
i'm sorry i misunderstood you .
i'm turning thirty in october .
i'm waiting for my girlfriend .
i've already finished my work .
i've always wanted a daughter .
i've been here since saturday .
i've changed my daily routine .
i've heard that story already .
i've never been abroad before .
i've never stopped loving you .
i've no idea what's happening .
i've seen that picture before .
i've seen this picture before .
i've studied french for years .
i've studied french , remember ?
i've taken care of everything .
is eating healthy more costly ?
is there a telephone anywhere ?
is there any adverse reaction ?
isn't that a little dishonest ?
it has rained since yesterday .
it is hardly worth discussing .
it just doesn't seem possible .
it was raining around chicago .
it'll just take three seconds .
it'll only take three minutes .
it's tom's birthday next week .
it's difficult to learn greek .
it's happening all over again .
it's not actually raining yet .
it's not really that relaxing .
it's only worth three dollars .
japanese is our mother tongue .
learning english is hard work .
leave it to the professionals .
let's be best friends forever .
let's begin with this problem .
let's discuss the matter here .
let's divide the work equally .
let's enjoy the long vacation .
let's hide behind the curtain .
let's hope that's enough time .
let's listen to this cassette .
let's not jump to conclusions .
let's paint the ceiling first .
let's play chess another time .
let's quit talking about this .
let's talk about solar energy .
lincoln was a great statesman .
man can't live without dreams .
many students bought the book .
mary has beautiful brown eyes .
mary is respected by everyone .
mary treated her wounded knee .
mathematics is her weak point .
maybe we should tell somebody .
most boys like computer games .
murder is punishable by death .
music is a universal language .
my brother became an engineer .
my children rarely go outside .
my daughter is barely fifteen .
my father doesn't like soccer .
my father fixes broken chairs .
my father is an archaeologist .
my father likes strong coffee .
my favourite game is football .
my grandfather is a carpenter .
my grandmother has become old .
my hobby is collecting stamps .
my mother is preparing dinner .
my mother is preparing supper .
my mother took my temperature .
my sister is very intelligent .
my sister lives near yokohama .
my sister resembles my mother .
my university has a dormitory .
neither one of them disagrees .
nobody can solve this problem .
nobody has solved the problem .
nobody likes being laughed at .
nobody's in the classroom now .
not everyone agrees with that .
not everything is about money .
not many survive this disease .
nothing is impossible for god .
one wonders how it's possible .
our army attacked the kingdom .
our inventory is very limited .
over 300 people were arrested .
people can't live without air .
people don't say that anymore .
perhaps it will snow tomorrow .
plastic does not break easily .
please bring it back tomorrow .
please close the door quietly .
please come whenever you like .
please don't tell anyone else .
please give me another chance .
please put your cigarette out .
please read between the lines .
please refer to paragraph ten .
please show me another camera .
please stop singing that song .
please tell me you're kidding .
please turn on the television .
please turn the television on .
please wait outside the house .
prices rose higher and higher .
remember to answer his letter .
running away isn't the answer .
salt is necessary for cooking .
she admits knowing the secret .
she always keeps her promises .
she brushed her husband's hat .
she can hardly speak japanese .
she can speak french fluently .
she can speak three languages .
she cooked the dinner herself .
she couldn't keep from crying .
she described him as handsome .
she didn't go there yesterday .
she does nothing but complain .
she doesn't get outdoors much .
she doesn't have any brothers .
she doesn't have many friends .
she finally reached the hotel .
she found pleasure in reading .
she has absolutely no enemies .
she is progressing in chinese .
she opened the letter quickly .
she plays tennis after school .
she quickly opened the letter .
she studies english every day .
she talked to the chairperson .
she traveled around the world .
she was always telephoning me .
she was not seriously injured .
she went to the hairdresser's .
she's always busy on weekdays .
she's fond of taking pictures .
she's neither rich nor famous .
she's painting her room white .
singapore has one big problem .
smoking is a disgusting habit .
smoking is not permitted here .
some people are still worried .
some people believe in ghosts .
somebody is playing the piano .
sounds like you're having fun .
summer holiday begins in july .
surely he'll phone me tonight .
take care of your grandfather .
tanning can cause skin cancer .
tea was introduced from china .
thank you for the information .
thank you for your assistance .
that bridge is very beautiful .
that experiment was a failure .
that incident made him famous .
that museum is worth visiting .
that problem is not avoidable .
that store gives good service .
that was not my understanding .
that's a really good hospital .
that's a really good painting .
that's a very good suggestion .
that's all i'm thinking about .
that's all it takes sometimes .
that's exactly what i thought .
that's exactly what he wanted .
that's precisely what i meant .
that's probably going to fall .
that's very thoughtful of you .
that's what i'm talking about .
that's what i'm worried about .
that's what's going to happen .
that's where i went yesterday .
that's where the problem lies .
the seine flows through paris .
the accident occurred at dawn .
the best hairdressers are gay .
the bridge is being repainted .
the car isn't worth repairing .
the cat seems extremely happy .
the child is learning quickly .
the clouds are getting darker .
the contract will expire soon .
the cowboy entered the saloon .
the doctor examined my throat .
the examinations are all over .
the exception proves the rule .
the food seems very delicious .
the hostages will be released .
the king oppressed his people .
the matter is really pressing .
the mayor granted our request .
the patient's in the hospital .
the president remained in bed .
the price reflects the demand .
the prisoners tried to escape .
the scandal ruined his career .
the soldier groaned with pain .
the squirrel climbed the tree .
the students could not answer .
the train approached the town .
the train arrived on schedule .
the watch keeps accurate time .
the water flooded the streets .
the weather is terrible today .
the word has several meanings .
the work is actually finished .
there also was another reason .
there are no stupid questions .
there isn't room for everyone .
there were flowers all around .
there were no other survivors .
there were no taxis available .
there would be no competition .
there's a large risk involved .
there's no need to exaggerate .
there's nothing going on here .
there's nothing new to report .
there's nothing wrong with it .
there's one problem with this .
they accept students like tom .
they acted on the information .
they are all college students .
they are typical young people .
they built a snowman together .
they burned all the documents .
they carried water in buckets .
they changed it very recently .
they don't get along together .
they lived happily ever after .
they named the baby momotarou .
they strolled along the beach .
they went their separate ways .
they will hold talks tomorrow .
they worked through the night .
they'll never know we're here .
they're related to each other .
they're smiling at each other .
this book isn't worth reading .
this box contains five apples .
this bread smells really good .
this camera is tom's favorite .
this camera is very expensive .
this candy costs eighty cents .
this couch is not comfortable .
this dog eats almost anything .
this fruit doesn't taste good .
this is a difficult situation .
this is a stressful situation .
this is something to consider .
this is your captain speaking .
this law applies to everybody .
this place isn't safe anymore .
this problem is not avoidable .
this soup tastes really great .
this story is too predictable .
this summer is incredibly hot .
this was a premeditated crime .
this website seems quite good .
this word has three syllables .
those colors go well together .
those shoes are old fashioned .
those three are his daughters .
today is my sister's birthday .
tokyo is bigger than yokohama .
tokyo is larger than yokohama .
tom and mary studied together .
tom asked mary for assistance .
tom can speak three languages .
tom certainly enjoys his wine .
tom certainly got the message .
tom couldn't help showing off .
tom despises people who smoke .
tom did something very stupid .
tom didn't expect that answer .
tom didn't have anything else .
tom didn't respond right away .
tom doesn't eat between meals .
tom doesn't even like driving .
tom doesn't like living alone .
tom doesn't like taking risks .
tom doesn't read much anymore .
tom doesn't work here anymore .
tom drinks milk every morning .
tom fell asleep while reading .
tom flirted with the waitress .
tom has a dynamic personality .
tom has already fallen asleep .
tom has been very cooperative .
tom has denied the allegation .
tom has lost another umbrella .
tom has written several books .
tom hasn't eaten anything yet .
tom is a correctional officer .
tom is always very aggressive .
tom is an electrical engineer .
tom is an experienced teacher .
tom is the defending champion .
tom just returned from boston .
tom looked at it suspiciously .
tom loves watching mary dance .
tom often goes shopping alone .
tom only mentioned mary twice .
tom opened the balcony window .
tom pleaded guilty in october .
tom retired earlier this year .
tom seems to have disappeared .
tom sometimes walks to school .
tom spoke into the microphone .
tom still needs more training .
tom tried to resuscitate mary .
tom turned off his headlights .
tom visited australia in 2013 .
tom waited for thirty minutes .
tom walked into the courtroom .
tom walked towards the stairs .
tom wanted to protect himself .
tom was arrested monday night .
tom will be cremated tomorrow .
tom's advice was very helpful .
tom's bedroom door was closed .
tom's favorite movie is dumbo .
tom's phone can take pictures .
tomorrow i must leave earlier .
truer words were never spoken .
two doctors were talking shop .
two vanilla ice creams please .
typhoons hit japan every year .
was this somebody else's idea ?
wash your hands before eating .
water is important for humans .
we all escaped without injury .
we cannot exist without water .
we couldn't agree on anything .
we didn't stay home yesterday .
we don't trust the government .
we had nice weather yesterday .
we have a similar predicament .
we looked around the property .
we need some more information .
we play soccer every saturday .
we should have gotten married .
we should respect our parents .
we shouldn't be seen together .
we visited our father's grave .
we were actually pretty lucky .
we're here to play basketball .
we're not getting any younger .
we're very excited about that .
we've already seen this movie .
we've been friends ever since .
we've painted the walls white .
what are you snickering about ?
what changes should we expect ?
what company do you represent ?
what exactly are you implying ?
what goes around comes around .
what happened can't be undone .
what happened to my furniture ?
what if something gets broken ?
what is your favorite holiday ?
what precisely does that mean ?
what will the neighbors think ?
what's the weather like today ?
what's with all the questions ?
what's wrong with being naked ?
when does the restaurant open ?
where are the other prisoners ?
where did the accident happen ?
where do you watch television ?
which doctor is attending you ?
who is their homeroom teacher ?
who is your favorite composer ?
why didn't she come yesterday ?
why didn't they say something ?
why do people kill themselves ?
why doesn't anyone believe me ?
why should we study economics ?
why wasn't i informed earlier ?
why were you absent yesterday ?
will that make any difference ?
wiser words were never spoken .
won't somebody please help me ?
would anyone like some coffee ?
would you please stop singing ?
would you please stop talking ?
you are a beautiful butterfly .
you are so childish sometimes .
you broke the washing machine .
you can't escape from reality .
you can't hold me responsible .
you can't make everyone happy .
you cannot live without water .
you didn't tell me everything .
you don't get enough exercise .
you don't seem very concerned .
you don't seem very satisfied .
you had plenty of opportunity .
you have my attention already .
you made a great contribution .
you may have that opportunity .
you must reboot your computer .
you never should've done that .
you obviously don't have time .
you obviously don't live here .
you should avoid binge eating .
you should be more reasonable .
you should have visited kyoto .
you should have worked harder .
you should keep your promises .
you should've called the cops .
you should've never come here .
you should've said so earlier .
you shouldn't have gone there .
you'll always be welcome here .
you'll understand it later on .
you're doing an excellent job .
you're not aiming high enough .
you're preaching to the choir .
you're supposed to be resting .
you've often said so yourself .
your answer differs from mine .
your approval is not required .
your birthday is drawing near .
your objection has been noted .
your telephone's ringing , tom .
a catastrophe has been averted .
a stranger phoned me yesterday .
a typhoon is approaching japan .
admission is free for children .
all our members are volunteers .
all the students study english .
any input would be appreciated !
anybody can solve that problem .
anyone can use this dictionary .
apparently , that's not correct .
are you doing anything special ?
are you interested in politics ?
aren't you ashamed of yourself ?
be careful crossing the street .
beautiful stained glass is art .
beethoven was a great musician .
can anyone pronounce this word ?
can you speak another language ?
children should not be spoiled .
christmas day is december 25th .
christmas is a special holiday .
come here before seven o'clock .
compare your answer with tom's .
cookie's mother died of cancer .
did you acknowledge his letter ?
did you encounter any problems ?
didn't you read the prospectus ?
dinosaurs once ruled the earth .
disease and famine go together .
do you consider them dangerous ?
do you have children's clothes ?
does tom speak french fluently ?
does someone here speak french ?
doesn't that car look familiar ?
don't be fooled by appearances .
don't believe anything he says .
don't cast pearls before swine .
don't confuse desire with love .
don't leave your things behind .
don't let appearances fool you .
don't spread yourself too thin .
don't think about that anymore .
don't you just hate technology ?
don't you think it's wonderful ?
don't you think that's strange ?
english is a germanic language .
english is spoken in australia .
even his servants despised him .
every mistake made me stronger .
every playground has its bully .
everybody wants to protect you .
everybody's having a good time .
everyone is free to contribute .
everyone knows what's going on .
everyone needs to stay focused .
everyone thinks the same thing .
everything about this is wrong .
everything's going to work out .
experience is the best teacher .
father is coming home tomorrow .
fear is essential for survival .
glasses and dishes were broken .
happiness is a delicate flower .
have you already had breakfast ?
he answered my question easily .
he bothered her with questions .
he can't explain what happened .
he caught them stealing apples .
he concentrated on his studies .
he disappeared without a trace .
he doesn't have his medication .
he doesn't love his girlfriend .
he drank detergent by accident .
he felt lost and uncomfortable .
he finds fault with everything .
he gathered his books together .
he handled the tool skillfully .
he has an unpronounceable name .
he has overcome many obstacles .
he ignored his father's advice .
he is always forgetting things .
he is facing many difficulties .
he is leaving chicago tomorrow .
he is suffering from toothache .
he left without saying goodbye .
he likes geography and history .
he lives somewhere around here .
he made an important discovery .
he majors in modern literature .
he married a farmer's daughter .
he proposal was not acceptable .
he pushed the emergency button .
he soon betrayed his ignorance .
he subscribed to time magazine .
he traveled around the country .
he was charged with conspiracy .
he was experienced in business .
he will reach hakodate tonight .
he'll be seventeen in february .
he's a talented young director .
he's afraid of making mistakes .
he's doing his german homework .
he's just like his grandfather .
help yourself to these cookies .
her cleverness often amazes me .
her hobby is collecting stamps .
her smile expressed her thanks .
his girlfriend has lost weight .
his hobby is collecting stamps .
his hobby is painting pictures .
his new movie is disappointing .
his prediction might come true .
his sisters are both beautiful .
his wife comes from california .
how dangerous is the situation ?
how many inhabitants are there ?
how many were there altogether ?
i almost never remember dreams .
i can understand your language .
i can't stand this stomachache .
i can't understand the meaning .
i cannot afford long vacations .
i caught a beautiful butterfly .
i couldn't have prevented this .
i couldn't survive without tom .
i couldn't understand his joke .
i didn't feel like celebrating .
i don't believe in coincidence .
i don't care who's responsible .
i don't consider that adequate .
i don't handle loneliness well .
i don't handle ultimatums well .
i don't like christmas anymore .
i don't really understand this .
i don't remember anything else .
i don't remember what happened .
i don't think anything changes .
i don't trust talkative people .
i enjoy watching children play .
i figured you would understand .
i forget your telephone number .
i gather you were unsuccessful .
i glanced through the brochure .
i had everything under control .
i have already finished dinner .
i have not understood anything .
i have some other appointments .
i heard a japanese nightingale .
i honestly don't know anything .
i just don't really understand .
i knew i'd forgotten something .
i know you're hiding something .
i like reading american novels .
i like walking around barefoot .
i need some mental stimulation .
i never did anything important .
i never should've mentioned it .
i received my birthday present .
i refused for personal reasons .
i regret this decision already .
i repeated his exact statement .
i should've warned you earlier .
i still haven't found anything .
i stopped smoking and drinking .
i suggest a different approach .
i suggest we leave immediately .
i suggest you listen carefully .
i suppose that's a possibility .
i think she's hiding something .
i think that's an exaggeration .
i think that's highly unlikely .
i thought you would understand .
i vaguely remember meeting him .
i watch very little television .
i wear designer clothes myself .
i went to disneyland yesterday .
i won't tolerate such language !
i'll answer all your questions .
i'll make all the arrangements .
i'll wait another five minutes .
i'm actually kind of flattered .
i'm an extremely humble person .
i'm beginning to lose patience .
i'm buying fruit and chocolate .
i'm enjoying this warm weather .
i'm expecting a customer today .
i'm getting married in october .
i'm impressed with your french .
i'm meeting someone for dinner .
i'm never angry without reason .
i'm not comfortable doing this .
i'm not frightened of anything .
i'm not interested in politics .
i'm not really that interested .
i'm not sure anything happened .
i'm not worried about anything .
i'm pretty sure tom's reliable .
i'm starting to feel desperate .
i'm training for the triathlon .
i've been painting the ceiling .
i've finished reading the book .
i've never been sedated before .
i've never had problems before .
is french your native language ?
is there the subtitled version ?
it doesn't make any difference .
it happened early this morning .
it happened on halloween night .
it leaves every thirty minutes .
it makes me feel uncomfortable .
it rained five successive days .
it was terribly cold yesterday .
it will probably snow tomorrow .
it's already past your bedtime .
it's awfully cold this evening .
it's better than doing nothing .
it's fifty kilometers to paris .
it's getting colder and colder .
it's getting darker and darker .
it's getting warmer and warmer .
it's hard to resist temptation .
it's healthy to breathe deeply .
it's necessary to avoid stress .
it's not easy raising children .
it's obvious that you're wrong .
it's only a temporary solution .
it's popular among the elderly .
it's really not that expensive .
it's simpler and more reliable .
it's supposed to snow tomorrow .
it's thirty degrees below zero .
italy invaded ethiopia in 1935 .
japan depends on foreign trade .
japan's army was very powerful .
jorge can speak four languages .
last night's game was exciting .
let me explain what's happened .
let's do the homework together .
let's hope that doesn't happen .
let's not exaggerate the facts .
let's postpone until next week .
let's rent bicycles over there .
life is really tough sometimes .
lincoln was opposed to slavery .
may i suggest another strategy ?
maybe you should quit drinking .
measles can be quite dangerous .
minors aren't allowed to enter .
mumps is an infectious disease .
my brother polished the silver .
my cholesterol levels are high .
my computer was down yesterday .
my daughter's driving me crazy .
my efforts produced no results .
my father doesn't drink liquor .
my grandfather was part indian .
my hobby is collecting insects .
my internet connection is slow .
my mother has good handwriting .
my mother is cooking breakfast .
my mother passed away recently .
my parents don't understand me .
my plan was eventually adopted .
my uncle collects chinese fans .
newly printed books smell good .
no criminal charges were filed .
no merchandise can be returned .
no one could've predicted this .
nobody tells the truth anymore .
nobody will believe that rumor .
not everybody succeeds in life .
obesity is a national epidemic .
older people often fear change .
oranges grow in warm countries .
our concert has been postponed .
our headquarters are in boston .
people should love one another .
perhaps she will come tomorrow .
physics is my favorite subject .
please accept this little gift .
please check the attached file .
please circle the right answer .
please don't take this lightly .
please follow the school rules .
please hold this ladder steady .
please let me introduce myself .
please loan me your dictionary .
please tell everyone i'm sorry .
please think about the problem .
probably it will snow tomorrow .
put this sentence into english .
quickly buy all required items .
reading books is very relaxing .
right now they're all sleeping .
she accidentally tore the page .
she almost always arrives late .
she also bought the dictionary .
she always tries something new .
she asked us several questions .
she became drowsy after supper .
she can't control her children .
she caressed her baby lovingly .
she detests speaking in public .
she didn't telephone after all .
she goes running every morning .
she had achieved her objective .
she had an unfriendly attitude .
she has a cheerful personality .
she is appreciated by everyone .
she listens to religious music .
she lives in this neighborhood .
she majors in child psychology .
she often eats breakfast there .
she peeked through the curtain .
she practiced typing every day .
she really likes writing poems .
she speaks english really well .
she turned down every proposal .
she turned down his invitation .
she turned the doorknob slowly .
she whispered something to him .
she witnessed him being killed .
she'd never been so frightened .
she's dependent on her husband .
she's the most beautiful woman .
she's very interested in music .
she's worrying about her exams .
some of his officers protested .
some stores discount the price .
some things can't be forgotten .
somebody's going to notice you .
someone grabbed me from behind .
someone left the water running .
someone stole my tennis racket .
someone's knocking on the door .
spanish is her native language .
strawberries are in season now .
strawberries are made into jam .
stupid question , stupid answer .
swimming at night is dangerous .
take this medicine after meals .
thanks for coming over tonight .
that girl loved climbing trees .
that makes no sense whatsoever .
that sounds a little dangerous .
that was a valuable experience .
that won't make any difference .
that would be quite acceptable .
that's a really wonderful plan .
that's exactly what i expected .
that's exactly what i'm saying .
that's exactly what tom thinks .
that's not important right now .
that's very considerate of you .
that's what's driving me crazy .
the accounts have been audited .
the admiral is never satisfied .
the answers are both incorrect .
the book costs fifteen dollars .
the carrots cost three dollars .
the chest contained gold coins .
the children are growing tired .
the children washed their feet .
the concert hasn't started yet .
the custom originated in china .
the doctor pronounced him dead .
the effects are not reversible .
the exhibition is already open .
the fire was soon extinguished .
the front door remained locked .
the fugitive crossed the river .
the investigation is under way .
the kitchen lacks a dishwasher .
the landlord changed the locks .
the locals are very hospitable .
the meeting hasn't started yet .
the nurse attended the patient .
the pain was almost unbearable .
the palace was heavily guarded .
the place was totally deserted .
the press confirmed the rumors .
the refrigerator door was open .
the situation is under control .
the store was relatively empty .
the storm has gradually abated .
the story was very interesting .
the team approved his proposal .
the traffic light turned green .
the village has no electricity .
the weather forecast was right .
the weather is beautiful today .
the winters were bitterly cold .
there wasn't any special hurry .
there's nothing fun about that .
there's nothing wrong with him .
there's very little paper left .
these plants are all poisonous .
they are all innocent children .
they arrived there before dawn .
they chatted about the weather .
they clung together for warmth .
they couldn't find the problem .
they deal in software products .
they didn't keep their promise .
they didn't obey their parents .
they entered into a discussion .
they greeted each other warmly .
they have everything they need .
they have no natural predators .
they left the problem unsolved .
they read newspapers and books .
they started picking up stones .
they wear very little clothing .
they went on vacation together .
they were motivated by revenge .
they weren't at home yesterday .
they're going to make mistakes .
they're keeping it under wraps .
this book is still copyrighted .
this book was very interesting .
this chair is very comfortable .
this couch is very comfortable .
this dictionary has 12 volumes .
this dictionary is my sister's .
this dictionary isn't any good .
this doesn't serve any purpose .
this fact proves her innocence .
this fact proves his innocence .
this flashlight is getting dim .
this has never happened before .
this is a fundamental question .
this is a surprising discovery .
this is all a misunderstanding .
this is an unexpected surprise .
this place is really beautiful .
this room has air conditioning .
this table's surface is smooth .
those roses are very beautiful .
thousands of people were there .
three people are still missing .
today is my sixteenth birthday .
together , anything is possible .
tom almost never speaks french .
tom and mary weren't impressed .
tom bought a refurbished phone .
tom can be extremely dangerous .
tom couldn't contain his anger .
tom couldn't finish his dinner .
tom didn't accept my apologies .
tom didn't promise me anything .
tom disappeared into the crowd .
tom disappeared three days ago .
tom doesn't know his neighbors .
tom doesn't seem too convinced .
tom doesn't understand a thing .
tom eventually joined the navy .
tom found his bedroom unlocked .
tom has departed for australia .
tom is mary's former boyfriend .
tom is an amateur photographer .
tom looked a little frightened .
tom looked in the refrigerator .
tom never had that opportunity .
tom now faces criminal charges .
tom passed away quite suddenly .
tom seems a little disoriented .
tom started clearing the table .
tom talked with mary yesterday .
tom understands what you don't .
tom was impatient and restless .
tom was in trouble financially .
tom's arm brushed against mine .
tom's father was an accountant .
towns are larger than villages .
trains are running on schedule .
unfortunately , she didn't come .
violence will not be tolerated .
war doesn't make anybody happy .
we appreciate your kind advice .
we could understand each other .
we listened to music yesterday .
we made pancakes for breakfast .
we must follow the regulations .
we need to conserve ammunition .
we saw laborers blasting rocks .
we should've gotten up earlier .
we talked about various topics .
we were studying all afternoon .
we will accept your conditions .
we'd better think of something .
we're not doing anything wrong .
we're not open on thanksgiving .
we've been waiting all morning .
we've decided to remain silent .
we've just cleaned the toilets .
what are you complaining about ?
what crimes have you committed ?
what is better than friendship ?
what language are you speaking ?
what medicine do you recommend ?
what prevented him from coming ?
what results do you anticipate ?
what would get their attention ?
what's happening now in poland ?
what's your favorite war movie ?
what's your natural hair color ?
when's this supposed to happen ?
where are you sleeping tonight ?
where is the cathedral located ?
where is the nearest telephone ?
who's at the switchboard today ?
who's your favorite super hero ?
whoever comes will be welcomed .
why aren't you studying french ?
why should anyone be surprised ?
would you consider marrying me ?
you are abusing your authority .
you do like living dangerously .
you don't owe anybody anything .
you don't sound very confident .
you don't sound very surprised .
you have a beautiful apartment .
you have a fertile imagination .
you must be mentally exhausted .
you probably don't remember me .
you said you didn't understand .
you should've taken his advice .
you shouldn't have followed me .
you shouldn't have invited tom .
you shouldn't worry about that .
you'll forget about me someday .
you'll need a temporary bridge .
you're a very attractive woman .
you're not getting any younger .
you're the tallest person here .
you're wanted on the telephone .
you've got a vivid imagination !
you've got everything you need .
your answer doesn't make sense .
your necktie matches your suit .
your problems don't concern me .
your questions were too direct .
your work has greatly improved .
a billion adults are illiterate .
a marathon is pretty exhausting .
actions speak louder than words .
africa is the poorest continent .
all the children started crying .
all the stories are interesting .
almost everyone arrived on time .
are you busy tomorrow afternoon ?
are you free tomorrow afternoon ?
are you questioning my judgment ?
ask your parents for permission .
astronomy is an expensive hobby .
babies are interesting to watch .
big people aren't always strong .
both sisters are very beautiful .
business has really slowed down .
can anyone report anything good ?
can you determine what happened ?
cash donations will be accepted .
children need to be disciplined .
children often do stupid things .
click here for more information .
coffee is brazil's main product .
colds are prevalent this winter .
connect the two cables together .
could you cancel my reservation ?
death is preferable to dishonor .
did i understand that correctly ?
did you do yesterday's homework ?
did you play baseball yesterday ?
do you enjoy living dangerously ?
do you have japanese newspapers ?
do you think that's significant ?
does anyone here speak japanese ?
does this medicine work quickly ?
don't believe anything they say .
don't do anything you'll regret .
don't drive under the influence .
don't hesitate to ask questions .
don't let opportunities pass by .
even children can understand it .
everybody should have a purpose .
everyone has to start somewhere .
everyone needs to work together .
everything happened all at once .
everything happens for a reason .
everything you've heard is true .
everything's going be all right .
exercise makes your body strong .
ferrets are playful and curious .
french is tom's native language .
french isn't difficult to learn .
has anybody solved this mystery ?
have you begun studying english ?
have you finished breakfast yet ?
have you gone completely insane ?
have you taken your temperature ?
haven't you learned your lesson ?
he attended the party yesterday .
he believes he knows everything .
he believes in the supernatural .
he closely resembles his father .
he couldn't remember my address .
he delayed answering the letter .
he deliberately broke the glass .
he described his own experience .
he disagrees with his relatives .
he does everything very quickly .
he doesn't read many newspapers .
he doesn't understand the risks .
he finally fulfilled my request .
he has an uncontrollable temper .
he has started acting strangely .
he hired a private investigator .
he kindly answered the question .
he knows nothing about politics .
he left without saying anything .
he majors in english literature .
he owns many valuable paintings .
he pocketed the company's money .
he prefers football to baseball .
he probably won't become famous .
he received a registered letter .
he solved the difficult problem .
he started taking salsa lessons .
he studied economics at college .
he tried many different methods .
he was busy yesterday afternoon .
he was spotted stealing cookies .
he's a foreign exchange student .
he's in good physical condition .
he's leaving for tokyo tomorrow .
he's starting to feel desperate .
her oldest daughter got married .
her voice sounds very beautiful .
his business is growing rapidly .
his childlike laugh is charming .
his criticisms were very severe .
how about playing chess tonight ?
how about playing golf tomorrow ?
how would you describe yourself ?
how's your project coming along ?
hundreds of animals were killed .
i can recommend this restaurant .
i can't tolerate tom's behavior .
i can't understand his feelings .
i canceled my hotel reservation .
i certainly hope that'll happen .
i couldn't keep from snickering .
i declined for personal reasons .
i didn't understand the meaning .
i disagree with this completely .
i don't answer stupid questions .
i don't deserve your friendship .
i don't like being interrogated .
i don't remember that happening .
i don't think i'm unimaginative .
i found the subject fascinating .
i found this column interesting .
i have everything under control .
i left my dictionary downstairs .
i need everyone's help tomorrow .
i never actually studied french .
i really appreciate your coming .
i really don't understand women .
i remember seeing her somewhere .
i remember seeing him somewhere .
i remember seeing you somewhere .
i suggest you leave immediately .
i think that's already happened .
i think that's really important .
i think there's something wrong .
i think you're completely right .
i thought i'd dropped something .
i understand what you're saying .
i was discharged without notice .
i watch television after supper .
i'll never forget this incident .
i'll never forget your kindness .
i'll take it into consideration .
i'm afraid you misunderstood me .
i'm concerned with tom's safety .
i'm considering going with them .
i'm familiar with the situation .
i'm getting married next sunday .
i'm leaving for canada tomorrow .
i'm pretty sure tom's competent .
i'm reading an interesting book .
i'm satisfied with his progress .
i'm waiting for your assistance .
i've forgotten my email address .
is english harder than japanese ?
is there an information counter ?
it has become noticeably colder .
it is extraordinarily hot today .
it isn't worthwhile going there .
it occurred to me spontaneously .
it's a fundamental human desire .
it's a very difficult situation .
it's all a big misunderstanding .
it's been raining since morning .
it's getting darker outside now .
it's more complicated than that .
japanese is harder than english .
let's act like we're foreigners .
letters are delivered every day .
life cannot exist without water .
light travels faster than sound .
living costs are getting higher .
london was bombed several times .
many factors must be considered .
marimbas are made from rosewood .
mathematics is difficult for me .
michael jackson has passed away .
mother bakes cookies on sundays .
music is the universal language .
my attitude towards him changed .
my father doesn't like football .
my father sometimes goes abroad .
my favorite flavor is chocolate .
my grandfather comes from osaka .
my grandmother lives by herself .
my mother hates writing letters .
my sister showers every morning .
negotiations are still going on .
no security system is foolproof .
not everything can be explained .
nothing's gonna change my world .
one should respect one's spouse .
oranges are sweeter than lemons .
our native language is japanese .
outside advice may be necessary .
perhaps there are other reasons .
please answer all the questions .
please call the fire department .
please don't do anything stupid .
please don't take pictures here .
sewage often pollutes the ocean .
she can naturally speak english .
she can't suppress her emotions .
she eats nothing but vegetables .
she enjoyed conversing with him .
she has a wonderful personality .
she liked talking about herself .
she majors in french literature .
she majors in organic chemistry .
she spent all afternoon cooking .
she started for kyoto yesterday .
she takes private piano lessons .
she teaches reading and writing .
she was overcome with happiness .
she'll be seventeen in february .
she's a very interesting person .
she's asking for the impossible .
she's good at handling children .
she's not admitting her mistake .
she's worried about your safety .
small children are very curious .
smoking has affected his health .
some girls are naturally pretty .
somebody has stolen my suitcase .
somebody's coming up the stairs .
someone broke into my apartment .
someone called on her yesterday .
something bad's going to happen .
something weird's going on here .
strange rumors are going around .
students are hurrying to school .
such incidents are quite common .
swimming makes your legs strong .
that runs against my principles .
that will benefit the community .
that's a very personal question .
that's exactly what i've needed .
the prime minister has resigned .
the accident occurred on friday .
the artist always painted alone .
the band played several marches .
the cheesecake tasted too sweet .
the company employs 500 workers .
the company suffered big losses .
the conclusion is crystal clear .
the earthquake shook the houses .
the employees are all unionized .
the epidemic has been contained .
the experiment ended in failure .
the guys are playing basketball .
the lecture started on schedule .
the letter will arrive tomorrow .
the mailman emptied the mailbox .
the man answers the description .
the neighbors called the police .
the new furniture arrived today .
the police arrested the suspect .
the rules were recently relaxed .
the soldiers guarded the bridge .
the tsunami alert was cancelled .
there was no warning whatsoever .
there's an answer to everything .
there's no mistaking about that .
there's nothing worse than that .
there's something going on here .
there's something under the bed .
these are my sister's magazines .
these are questions that matter .
these books aren't for children .
these fields produce fine crops .
these flowers come from holland .
these peaches aren't very sweet .
they abandoned the sinking ship .
they admired the lovely scenery .
they all understood your speech .
they are discussing the problem .
they are leaving japan tomorrow .
they armed themselves with guns .
they broke off their engagement .
they couldn't agree on anything .
they grow oranges in california .
they haven't changed their mind .
they made equally tough demands .
they started working right away .
they treat their employees well .
they're looking for a scapegoat .
this book is really interesting .
this computer runs on batteries .
this is just a misunderstanding .
this isn't a government project .
this message doesn't make sense .
this mission entails huge risks .
this movie is incredibly stupid .
this movie was very interesting .
this neighborhood is very scary .
this sentence contains an error .
three crew members were rescued .
three of them were hospitalized .
three people have been arrested .
tom believes whatever mary says .
tom bought himself a microscope .
tom can't explain what happened .
tom changes his passwords often .
tom could've hurt himself today .
tom didn't actually do anything .
tom didn't tell mary everything .
tom doesn't have enough friends .
tom doesn't take criticism well .
tom finished washing the dishes .
tom has requested my assistance .
tom is mary's biological father .
tom knew something wasn't right .
tom lacks confidence in himself .
tom pointed out mary's mistakes .
tom pressed the intercom button .
tom shouldn't have married mary .
tom speaks french very fluently .
tom still isn't quite convinced .
tom struggles with this concept .
tom takes himself too seriously .
tourism generated many new jobs .
turkey was stronger than greece .
unfortunately , she lives abroad .
we ate sandwiches for breakfast .
we decorated the room ourselves .
we didn't reach any conclusions .
we have an unusual relationship .
we play football every saturday .
we should have departed earlier .
we're competitors , not partners .
we're concerned for your safety .
we've already talked about this .
what's all the excitement about ?
what's this commotion all about ?
what's your favorite board game ?
what's your favorite hair style ?
what's your schedule like today ?
whatever happened to your pride ?
when does the performance begin ?
where is the australian embassy ?
where is the admission's office ?
where've you been all afternoon ?
whoever guesses the number wins .
why couldn't you come yesterday ?
words cannot convey my feelings .
would you like something easier ?
you can't break the appointment .
you don't look very comfortable .
you don't sound very optimistic .
you found something they didn't .
you must answer these questions .
you should follow tom's example .
you should lower your standards .
you should study english harder .
you should've gotten up earlier .
you should've told me yesterday .
you shouldn't eat anything cold .
you'd better consult the doctor .
you'd better try something else .
you'll understand it right away .
you're disappointed , aren't you ?
you're obviously in great shape .
young people like popular music .
your chinese is awesome already .
your friend tom hasn't returned .
a conductor directs an orchestra .
a housewife should be economical .
about twenty people were injured .
am i interrupting something here ?
an olive branch symbolizes peace .
breakfast and lunch are included .
canned food doesn't interest her .
choose your next words carefully .
cicadas aren't harmful to humans .
cleanliness is next to godliness .
describe that accident in detail .
did i miss something interesting ?
did you enjoy yourself yesterday ?
do you remember your grandfather ?
does australia have four seasons ?
does someone here speak japanese ?
does the price include breakfast ?
don't be deceived by appearances .
don't judge people by appearance .
don't leave things half finished .
don't take yourself so seriously .
every action has its consequence .
everybody knew her true feelings .
everybody should help each other .
everyone laughed at this mistake .
everyone pretended not to listen .
everyone started talking at once .
everything is better without you .
excess of politeness is annoying .
foxes have few natural predators .
he barely passed the examination .
he collected bits of information .
he couldn't pass the examination .
he dedicated himself to research .
he dedicates himself to research .
he didn't eat anything yesterday .
he has an intriguing personality .
he has overstepped his authority .
he has trouble remembering names .
he narrowly escaped being killed .
he often quotes from shakespeare .
he quickly scanned my manuscript .
he sacrificed everything for you .
he severely criticized the mayor .
he stopped reading the newspaper .
he supports the democratic party .
health is essential to happiness .
his words rendered me speechless .
how about wearing contact lenses ?
how is the investigation's going ?
i attended the meeting yesterday .
i can't remember his explanation .
i can't remember the combination .
i can't understand what happened .
i don't appreciate your attitude .
i don't remember saying anything .
i don't think that's appropriate .
i don't understand that question .
i don't understand this sentence .
i don't understand your question .
i fully understand your concerns .
i gave tom detailed instructions .
i hate pretending i'm interested .
i participated in the discussion .
i really appreciate your company .
i received your letter yesterday .
i regret losing that opportunity .
i remember meeting her somewhere .
i should've finished that sooner .
i sliced the sandwich diagonally .
i think i've forgotten something .
i think everything is functional .
i visited my grandmother's house .
i want more detailed information .
i'd suggest the following change .
i'm astonished by her cleverness .
i'm aware of my responsibilities .
i'm pleased with his performance .
i'm practically an adult already .
i'm probably just being paranoid .
i'm responsible for tom's safety .
i'm taking care of my grandfather
i'm tired of watching television .
i've already apologized for that .
i've already hidden the diamonds .
i've changed my website's layout .
i've packed my suitcases already .
is there something troubling you ?
is this your first investigation ?
it rained hard yesterday morning .
it was frustrating and confusing .
it wouldn't have mattered anyway .
it's actually not that difficult .
it's difficult to peel chestnuts .
it's really not that interesting .
it's worth three hundred dollars .
let's discuss that problem later .
let's not waste this opportunity .
let's play tennis this afternoon .
life without love is meaningless .
malaria is carried by mosquitoes .
many languages use english words .
money cannot compensate for life .
my colleague doctored the report .
my explanation may sound strange .
my father stretched after dinner .
my mother almost never complains .
my mother is preparing breakfast .
my opinion doesn't really matter .
my parent's house is comfortable .
my sister will prepare breakfast .
never mix business with pleasure .
no students went there yesterday .
not every community was affected .
nothing ventured , nothing gained .
one of your neighbors complained .
please breathe through your nose .
please excuse my bad handwriting .
please refrain from smoking here .
production of rice has decreased .
remember what happened last time .
rules are important for everyone .
schools are closed for christmas .
she closely resembles her mother .
she gladly accepted his proposal .
she glanced through the magazine .
she played the piano beautifully .
she spoke through an interpreter .
she takes everything for granted .
she wants a serious relationship .
she's an intelligent young woman .
she's asking how that's possible .
she's completely crazy about him .
snow completely covered the town .
some people pursue only pleasure .
stop taking things so personally .
stories often have happy endings .
success depends mostly on effort .
switzerland is a neutral country .
take this medicine between meals .
thank you for your understanding .
that doesn't sound too dangerous .
that nickname fits him perfectly .
that word describes it perfectly .
that's a very difficult question .
that's a very interesting theory .
that's only a temporary solution .
that's what you don't understand .
that's what you've always wanted .
the confederate flag was lowered .
the united states borders canada .
the audience was deeply affected .
the audience were all foreigners .
the bridge is under construction .
the children are playing outside .
the company stopped losing money .
the conference will end tomorrow .
the general inspected the troops .
the house burned down completely .
the installation is now complete .
the letter was wrongly addressed .
the locking mechanism has jammed .
the meeting took place yesterday .
the movie received mixed reviews .
the murderer confessed his crime .
the news confirmed my suspicions .
the owners appointed him manager .
the plane was approaching london .
the plot twists were predictable .
the police have arrested someone .
the policeman arrested the thief .
the prisoner escaped from prison .
the problem was under discussion .
the rumor was without foundation .
the situation is growing serious .
the situation left him perplexed .
the situation there was critical .
the telephone rang several times .
the troops advanced twenty miles .
the work is practically finished .
their friendship moved us deeply .
there must be a misunderstanding .
there's nothing funny about that .
there's something fishy going on .
thermometers often go below zero .
these people hate all foreigners .
these shoes are very comfortable .
they enjoy one another's company .
they relaxed around the campfire .
they rushed towards their mother .
they wouldn't have done anything .
they're barely paid minimum wage .
they're giving away samples free .
this book contains many pictures .
this building has five elevators .
this building is near completion .
this letter is wrongly addressed .
this painting isn't complete yet .
this restaurant is badly managed .
this sentence doesn't make sense .
this shop carries men's clothing .
tom asked mary several questions .
tom crossed the border illegally .
tom felt helpless and frightened .
tom hasn't violated his contract .
tom is interested in mathematics .
tom likes making paper airplanes .
tom looked a little disappointed .
tom looks a little uncomfortable .
tom speaks two foreign languages .
tom started packing his suitcase .
tom takes everything for granted .
tom thanked everyone for waiting .
tom's computer is not responding .
tom's question was an accusation .
unfortunately he refused to come .
unfortunately , it's not possible .
walking is an excellent exercise .
we adopted an alternative method .
we couldn't understand her logic .
we'll never forget your kindness .
we're choosing among those ideas .
we're not really friends anymore .
we're wasting valuable time here .
we've already wasted enough time .
whales are classified as mammals .
what is your registration number ?
what language were they speaking ?
what you're saying isn't logical .
what's the air temperature today ?
what's the forecast for tomorrow ?
what's your favorite racing game ?
what's your favorite web browser ?
when was this university founded ?
where is the nearest supermarket ?
which newspaper would you prefer ?
who would've thought it possible ?
why isn't anybody doing anything ?
would you like something smaller ?
you don't have enough experience .
you must respect senior citizens .
you should fulfill your promises .
you should rewrite this sentence .
you should've started without me .
you're making a terrible mistake .
you're not being very supportive .
you're not even paying attention .
your garden needs some attention .
a customs declaration is required .
a thief believes everybody steals .
a traffic accident happened there .
anarchy can happen during wartime .
are you satisfied or dissatisfied ?
are you suggesting another theory ?
arguing never got anyone anywhere .
australia is abundant in minerals .
bears hibernate during the winter .
behave yourself during my absence .
bigger doesn't always mean better .
blood circulates through the body .
compare your translation with his .
could you translate this sentence ?
crossing that desert is dangerous .
do not oversleep tomorrow morning .
do you have renaissance paintings ?
does that price include breakfast ?
does your girlfriend like flowers ?
don't believe everything you hear .
don't believe everything you read .
don't make such careless mistakes .
don't worry about making mistakes .
dozens of students gathered there .
edison invented the electric lamp .
einstein loved playing the violin .
everybody's got something to hide .
everyone deserves a second chance .
everyone knows what happened next .
everything went according to plan .
few people understood his comment .
french is an interesting language .
good movies broaden your horizons .
have you ever studied archaeology ?
he broke the window intentionally .
he brought back several souvenirs .
he doesn't have enough experience .
he had no distinguishing features .
he is an archeologist's assistant .
he knows everything about germany .
he meets his girlfriend saturdays .
he often suffered from toothaches .
he passed his english examination .
he plays cello exceptionally well .
he returned from abroad yesterday .
he swallowed detergent by mistake .
he's had many unhappy experiences .
her beauty was beyond description .
her desires were fully fullfilled .
her mother always accompanies her .
here's some medicine for diarrhea .
his policies were too progressive .
his success delighted his parents .
history is repeating itself again .
human beings are social creatures .
i cannot understand what happened .
i didn't promise anybody anything .
i dislike her unfriendly attitude .
i don't need anybody's permission .
i graduated from kyoto university .
i haven't renewed my subscription .
i just followed your instructions .
i like learning ancient languages .
i love my grandfather's anecdotes .
i never should've gotten divorced .
i received your message yesterday .
i should've gotten that promotion .
i'll never forget this experience .
i'll take that into consideration .
i'm confident that you'll succeed .
i'm in absolutely total agreement .
i'm leaving tonight for australia .
i'm surprised you weren't invited .
i'm taking tomorrow afternoon off .
i'm thinking about something else .
i've done everything you've asked .
i've never studied french grammar .
i've never taught anyone anything .
isn't that an amazing coincidence ?
it's a fairly complicated problem .
it's probably just my imagination .
it's really difficult to describe .
let's decorate the christmas tree .
let's establish some ground rules .
let's pretend this never happened .
let's take your temperature first .
let's visit some temples tomorrow .
mary doesn't usually wear jewelry .
most people consider murder wrong .
mother is getting breakfast ready .
my explanation was not sufficient .
my friends celebrated my birthday .
my parents are constantly arguing .
nothing could sway his conviction .
nothing's going to happen tonight .
our main problem remains unsolved .
our teachers are highly qualified .
perhaps he'll never become famous .
photography is an expensive hobby .
please choose a stronger password .
please say the alphabet backwards .
reading books is very interesting .
rumors of defeat were circulating .
she always buys expensive clothes .
she avoided him whenever possible .
she is constantly writing letters .
she works for french intelligence .
something has gone terribly wrong .
strong winds accompanied the rain .
television is ruining family life .
thank you for your recommendation .
that country's economy is growing .
that man sometimes talks nonsense .
that question is under discussion .
the greens are against everything .
the answer was pretty astonishing .
the boy narrowly escaped drowning .
the competition has become fierce .
the drug problem is international .
the economic situation grew worse .
the mechanic assembled the engine .
the price of everything increased .
the rebels sabotaged the railroad .
the soldiers began returning home .
the teachers greeted the children .
the toilet doesn't flush properly .
the typhoon destroyed many houses .
the weather was perfect yesterday .
there's nothing unusual to report .
there's something not quite right .
these facts support my hypothesis .
these machines aren't working now .
they absolutely detest each other .
they are reading their newspapers .
they armed themselves with rifles .
they ironed out their differences .
they planned their first vacation .
they were high school sweethearts .
they wouldn't have recognized tom .
they're two very different things .
this bracelet is very inexpensive .
this company sold unsafe products .
this criminal is morally depraved .
this proverb is worth remembering .
this watch was your grandfather's .
three other soldiers were wounded .
today's meeting has been canceled .
tom accidentally swallowed a coin .
tom adopted mary's three children .
tom announced his decision monday .
tom believes everything mary says .
tom can't remember mary's address .
tom didn't attend today's meeting .
tom didn't understand mary's joke .
tom doesn't like being criticized .
tom is always watching television .
tom isn't a professional musician .
tom looked through the binoculars .
tom must've been imagining things .
unfortunately , it's raining today .
vigorous exercise makes you sweat .
we can't work without electricity .
we should do everything ourselves .
we watch television every evening .
we've had this discussion already .
what does this painting represent ?
what you're suggesting won't work .
what's the accusation against him ?
what's the best sleeping position ?
where's the closest train station ?
where's the nearest shopping mall ?
who's your favorite movie villain ?
you have reached your destination .
you're free of all responsibility .
your driver's license has expired .
bangkok is thailand's capital city .
can anyone translate this sentence ?
cherry blossoms are very beautiful .
children should obey their parents .
defense lawyers appealed for mercy .
did anyone notice anything unusual ?
doing homework is extremely boring .
don't confuse comets and asteroids .
don't interfere in others' affairs .
don't leave without saying goodbye .
don't your neighbors ever complain ?
edison invented many useful things .
everybody has their favorite drink .
handling dynamite can be dangerous .
he described exactly what happened .
he distanced himself from politics .
he graduated from tokyo university .
he knows nothing about electronics .
he passed the entrance examination .
he promised to provide information .
he traveled throughout the country .
he was found mysteriously murdered .
he's nervous and easily frightened .
her fears gradually quietened down .
history is merely repeating itself .
i don't always follow instructions .
i don't remember that conversation .
i don't think you're schizophrenic .
i greatly appreciate your kindness .
i haven't bought anything recently .
i really don't understand anything .
i submitted the application myself .
i'll always remember your kindness .
i'm interested in oriental pottery .
i'm pleased with their performance .
i've completely forgotten his name .
i've finished watering the flowers .
it's important that you understand .
it's popular among senior citizens .
let's stop this fruitless argument .
life without books is unimaginable .
manuela's clothes are very stylish .
manuela's dresses are very elegant .
many asians are lactose intolerant .
many small companies went bankrupt .
marriage customs differ by country .
mathematics is my favorite subject .
my mother teaches flower arranging .
no further discussion is necessary .
nothing is achieved without effort .
nowadays nobody believes in ghosts .
our country's climate is temperate .
our financial problems are serious .
personal computers are very useful .
personal hygiene is very important .
please shuffle the cards carefully .
she avoided answering my questions .
she considered his offer carefully .
she couldn't suppress her emotions .
she folded her handkerchief neatly .
she knows everything about cooking .
shouldn't that count for something ?
some newspapers distorted the news .
some people questioned his honesty .
stop complaining about the weather .
switzerland is a beautiful country .
teaching english is his profession .
teaching young children isn't easy .
teenagers love playing video games .
termites are destroying the houses .
that's a very interesting question .
the giants got clobbered yesterday .
the union soldiers fought fiercely .
the building is under construction .
the commander refused to negotiate .
the company abandoned that project .
the exhibition was very impressive .
the market is completely saturated .
the news was unbelievably terrible .
the patient requires constant care .
the police eventually arrested tom .
the results were very satisfactory .
the scenery was beyond description .
the situation resulted in violence .
there's nothing good on television .
there's still room for improvement .
these articles cannot be exchanged .
they are facing financial problems .
they arrived here safely yesterday .
they brought trouble on themselves .
they kissed inside the planetarium .
they were having marriage problems .
they're sunbathing around the pool .
thirteen homes have been destroyed .
this conversation is a masterpiece .
this is an international community .
this movie is highly controversial .
this region has completely changed .
thousands of people gathered there .
three people were slightly injured .
tom almost always wears sunglasses .
tom began to shiver uncontrollably .
tom canceled his hotel reservation .
tom didn't complain about anything .
tom didn't understand the question .
tom doesn't remember what happened .
tom easily guessed mary's password .
tom had mary's undivided attention .
tom had difficulty learning french .
tom introduced himself to everyone .
tom takes everything too seriously .
tom was apparently very convincing .
unfortunately , it rained yesterday .
water pollution is another problem .
we apologize for any inconvenience .
we don't negotiate with terrorists .
we're totally different people now .
we've already covered this subject .
what happened at that intersection ?
what payment options are available ?
what's your favorite pizza topping ?
who painted this beautiful picture ?
who's your favorite movie director ?
who's your most interesting friend ?
wolves don't usually attack people .
wolves usually don't attack people .
wolves won't usually attack people .
wooden buildings catch fire easily .
you are difficult and incorrigible .
you don't sound entirely convinced .
you don't understand the procedure .
you must overcome the difficulties .
you shouldn't drink stagnant water .
your daughter overheard us talking .
almost everything has been improved .
almost everything has gotten better .
and then something amazing happened .
any further discussion is pointless .
columbus discovered america in 1492 .
congress asked for more information .
did i interrupt something important ?
do you have professional experience ?
don't do anything strenuous tonight .
don't miss this amazing opportunity .
don't touch anything without asking .
einstein enjoyed playing the violin .
elephants are an endangered species .
he couldn't understand the sentence .
he's interested in mayan prophecies .
he's intimidated by beautiful women .
his suggestion is worth considering .
i don't remember anything happening .
i don't understand what's happening .
i wasn't following the conversation .
i'll remember this incident forever .
i'm not carrying any identification .
i'm not expecting special treatment .
i'm not feeling particularly hungry .
i'm not minimizing the consequences .
i've always preferred working alone .
is eating with chopsticks difficult ?
japanese gardens usually have ponds .
many foreigners speak good japanese .
mothers often pamper their children .
my grandfather was an archaeologist .
please refrain from pushing forward .
read all the instructions carefully .
she passed away yesterday afternoon .
smoking and drinking aren't allowed .
that's a completely unfounded rumor .
that's not really necessary anymore .
that's something i've always wanted .
the actress was dressed beautifully .
the audience exploded with laughter .
the book was published posthumously .
the conference takes place annually .
the experiment confirmed his theory .
the political situation has changed .
the president takes office tomorrow .
the result was rather disappointing .
the soldiers narrowly escaped death .
the students burned their textbooks .
the treatment is going successfully .
the weather was miserable yesterday .
there must be some misunderstanding .
these patients have trouble walking .
this building looks very futuristic .
this movie is politically incorrect .
tom answered the question correctly .
tom didn't accept mary's invitation .
tom doesn't usually play backgammon .
tom is interested in mountaineering .
tom's proposal is worth considering .
two detectives followed the suspect .
watching movies is very interesting .
we apologize for this inconvenience .
we were under constant surveillance .
we're expecting lousy weather today .
what's the world's highest mountain ?
what's your favorite breakfast food ?
what's your favorite lipstick brand ?
what's your favorite lipstick color ?
what's your favorite tongue twister ?
you have overstepped your authority .
you must gather further information .
you should acknowledge your failure .
you're comparing apples and oranges !
your conduct is absolutely shameful .
your sudden appearance surprised me .
all contributions are tax deductible .
always keep your workplace organized .
an earthquake destroyed the building .
children are prohibited from smoking .
cucumbers are related to watermelons .
dangerous driving should be punished .
don't confuse austria with australia .
english cannot be mastered overnight .
english is an international language .
everyone got something for christmas .
few politicians admit their mistakes .
foreigners often feel unwelcome here .
have you noticed anything suspicious ?
his explanation was not satisfactory .
human relationships are very complex .
i don't appreciate being interrupted .
i understand your position perfectly .
i'm always forgetting people's names .
i'm not discounting that possibility .
i'm studying economics at university .
learning foreign languages is boring .
literature teaches us about humanity .
many countries depend on agriculture .
my computer suddenly stopped working .
one cannot embrace the unembraceable .
people shouldn't stare at foreigners .
please follow the nurse's directions .
psychology deals with human emotions .
rabbits are extremely social animals .
she always wears fashionable clothes .
she arranged the flowers beautifully .
she substituted margarine for butter .
small family farms were disappearing .
some built houses partly underground .
the company accepted his application .
the people rejected the constitution .
the police are questioning witnesses .
the revolution divided many families .
the students disobeyed their teacher .
the temperature fell several degrees .
the temperature has suddenly dropped .
the terrorists released the hostages .
there were some unexpected questions .
these are questions worth discussing .
they revolted against the government .
they visited their parents yesterday .
this book contains forty photographs .
this chemical is extremely dangerous .
tom couldn't answer mary's questions .
traveling abroad is very interesting .
we celebrated mother's 45th birthday .
we'll continue this discussion later .
what's your favorite spectator sport ?
who's taking responsibility for this ?
you can't trust computer translation .
ai stands for artificial intelligence .
athletes usually abstain from smoking .
don't underestimate your own strength .
everyone has strengths and weaknesses .
everyone suddenly burst into laughter .
everything tom did was groundbreaking .
he constantly criticizes other people .
i think you're contradicting yourself .
i'm developing an android application .
i've discovered the victim's identity .
it's you who've acted inappropriately .
japan imports oranges from california .
many leaders supported the compromise .
mathematics is an interesting subject .
my grades have improved significantly .
people don't always behave rationally .
people have started arming themselves .
sea turtles are magnificent creatures .
she naturally accepted the invitation .
sometimes adults behave like children .
that restaurant serves excellent food .
that's my younger sister's photograph .
that's something of an understatement .
the architect achieved worldwide fame .
the governor ordered an investigation .
the lovers exchanged numerous letters .
the president wanted immediate action .
their equipment is extremely advanced .
there was steady economic improvement .
there's nothing surprising about that .
these walls aren't exactly soundproof .
they apologized for the inconvenience .
they've defused the bomb successfully .
this box contains assorted chocolates .
tom doesn't look particularly pleased .
tom probably should've studied harder .
tom vehemently denied the accusations .
what's your favorite holiday activity ?
workers struggled as factories closed .
yesterday was my seventeenth birthday .
you don't understand what's happening .
a temporary government was established .
contracts have already been negotiated .
don't confuse astrology with astronomy .
his grades have improved significantly .
monday's protests were mostly peaceful .
only seven senators remained undecided .
our patient is regaining consciousness .
please accept my sincerest condolences .
please don't say anything embarrassing .
refreshments will be served afterwards .
she strongly resembles her grandmother .
some factories pollute the environment .
that's a really dangerous intersection .
the japanese economy developed rapidly .
the administration approved the budget .
the driver sustained multiple injuries .
the explosion frightened the villagers .
the reporter criticized the politician .
tom often mispronounces people's names .
we can't reveal classified information .
we received their wedding announcement .
websites collect information about you .
were you expecting something different ?
you're too suspicious about everything .
your english has improved considerably .
your examination results are excellent .
carelessness often results in accidents .
computers are constantly being improved .
few passengers survived the catastrophe .
he's always complaining about something .
most hollywood movies have happy endings
negotiations are proceeding very slowly .
purchase any necessary articles quickly .
repetition helps you remember something .
she found confrontations very upsetting .
suddenly , something unexpected happened .
the earthquake caused widespread damage .
the servants' screams awakened everyone .
these are completely different opinions .
this container is completely watertight .
this could have unintended consequences .
this sentence contains several mistakes .
tom announced his resignation yesterday .
what's your favorite television program ?
familiarity breeds contempt and children .
his accomplishments speak for themselves .
hurricane katrina devastated new orleans .
personal liberty is diminishing nowadays .
pneumonia causes difficulty in breathing .
the police continued their investigation .
we've installed several security cameras .
yesterday's vices are tomorrow's customs .
developing political awareness takes time .
employers sometimes exploit their workers .
people should have realistic expectations .
something embarrassing happened last week .
that problem naturally invited discussion .
the advantages outweigh the disadvantages .
this artist's lifestyle is unconventional .
this gentleman asks interesting questions .
this product has significant shortcomings .
what's your favorite programming language ?
you're always complaining about something .
your hypothesis is completely unrealistic .
shakespeare created many famous characters .
this theory is scientifically controversial .
the administration makes important decisions .
the university administration lowered tuition .
hippopotamuses are agressive and unpredictable .
it's 3 : 30 .
he is a dj .
i am a man .
i am a cook .
i am a monk .
i can do it .
i had to go .
i saw a dog .
i went , too .
i'm 17 , too .
is it to go ?
ok . i agree .
oh , come on .
can i go now ?
can i try it ?
can he do it ?
do i look ok ?
he had a dog .
he has a car .
he is a poet .
he is not in .
he let me go .
he let us go .
hey , wait up !
how did i do ?
i am at home .
i am so sick .
i can fix it .
i cried , too .
i did my job .
i did see it .
i go to work .
i have a car .
i have a cat .
i have a dog .
i have a pen .
i have to go .
i keep a dog .
i made a bet .
i need a car .
i need a hug .
i need a job .
i need a map .
i need a pen .
i need to go .
i see a book .
i see a lion .
i see a rose .
i want a lot .
i want to go .
i'm off - duty .
is it a deal ?
is it a deer ?
is it a joke ?
is it a wolf ?
is it an elk ?
is that a no ?
it is a book .
it is a song .
it is my cat .
let go of it .
let go of me .
may i cut in ?
may i try it ?
must i go on ?
need i go on ?
ok . go ahead .
she is a fox .
tom is a spy .
we get on ok .
a car hit tom .
a car went by .
are you a cop ?
be a good boy .
beat it , kids !
can i ask who ?
can i ask why ?
can i come in ?
can he see me ?
can he see us ?
could i do it ?
did i ask you ?
did i blow it ?
did i do that ?
did you do it ?
do i know him ?
do i know you ?
do i look fat ?
do i look old ?
do it at once .
do me a favor .
do what i say .
do you get it ?
do you see me ?
get off of me .
give it to me !
give me a few .
give me a hug .
hand it to me .
he dug a hole .
he eats a lot .
he has a book .
he has a cold .
he has a maid .
he is a thief .
he is my boss .
he is my type !
he is no fool .
he is out now .
he is too old .
he lied to me .
he made me go .
he shot at me .
here or to go ?
how big is he ?
how big is it ?
how can i pay ?
how can it be ?
how do i look ?
how old is he ?
i am a muslim .
i am a runner .
i am all ears .
i am in paris .
i am new here .
i am not deaf .
i am so sorry .
i am very sad .
i can buy one .
i can do this .
i can feel it .
i can't do it .
i cried a lot .
i did it once .
i did my best .
i did my part .
i did see him .
i do like you .
i do love you .
i dream a lot .
i fear no one .
i fed the dog .
i feel it now .
i feel my age .
i feel so bad .
i fell for it .
i found a job .
i got a bonus .
i got it free .
i had an idea .
i had no clue .
i had no idea .
i had to stay .
i had to stop .
i had to work .
i have a cold .
i have a date .
i have a visa .
i have a wife .
i have had it .
i have to run .
i have to try .
i have to win .
i just did it .
i just got up .
i kid you not .
i let them go .
i like my job .
i like to run .
i lost my dog .
i lost my key .
i love my job .
i made a deal .
i made a list .
i made him go .
i miss my cat .
i miss my mom .
i must fix it .
i must go now .
i must go out .
i need a crew .
i ought to go .
i owe you one .
i own a horse .
i own a yacht .
i quit my job .
i see a light .
i see a queen .
i see the boy .
i slept a lot .
i think i can .
i told you so .
i took a bath .
i want a book .
i want a pool .
i want it all .
i want to cry .
i want to die .
i want to run .
i want to try .
i was at home .
i was at work .
i was too shy .
i woke you up .
i'm busy , too .
i'm home , tom .
i'm not a cop .
i'm not a fan .
i'm on a diet .
i'm on my way .
is he at home ?
is it my turn ?
is it too big ?
is that a bat ?
is that a cat ?
it is a curse .
it is no joke .
it is the law .
it is too hot .
it was a gift .
it was a mess .
it was a test .
i ’ m falling .
let me see it .
let me try it .
let's go , tom .
may i ask why ?
may i come in ?
may i go home ?
my dog ate it .
no one saw me .
no one saw us .
no , he didn't .
no , you can't .
oh , i'm sorry .
out of my way !
read it to me .
she is a twin .
show it to me .
show it to us .
this is a dvd .
this is a dog .
this is a map .
this is a pen .
this is a pun .
this is a wig .
this is my cd .
tom can do it .
tom has a dog .
tom is ok now .
tom is in bed .
tom let us go .
was that a no ?
we are at war .
we can try it .
we have to go .
we need a car .
we need a map .
we need to go .
we took a cab .
we want to go .
what did i do ?
what do i get ?
what is a ufo ?
you can do it .
a beer , please .
a coke , please .
act like a man .
allow me to go .
am i not right ?
be a good girl .
be nice to her .
bring it to me .
buy me a drink .
calm down , son .
can i eat this ?
can i go first ?
can i have one ?
can i help you ?
can i join you ?
can i kiss you ?
can i see that ?
can i see this ?
can i sit down ?
can i sit here ?
can i touch it ?
can tom see us ?
can we come in ?
can you see it ?
cut it in half .
did i break it ?
did i hurt you ?
did i say that ?
did i wake you ?
did tom buy it ?
did she say it ?
did you get it ?
did you go out ?
did you say 30 ?
did you see it ?
do i annoy you ?
do i need this ?
do as you like .
do as you want .
do it this way .
do not do that .
do we know you ?
do you deny it ?
do you hate me ?
do you hear me ?
do you know me ?
do you know us ?
do you like it ?
do you love me ?
do you mean us ?
do you miss it ?
do you read me ?
drop me a line .
get in the car .
get in the van .
get on the bus .
get on with it .
get out of bed !
get rid of her .
give him a hug .
give it a shot .
give it to her .
give it to him .
give me a beer .
give me a hand .
give me a hint .
give me a kiss .
go back to bed .
go look for it .
go take a walk .
go to the park .
guess who i am .
hand me my mug .
he also saw it .
he asked me to .
he bit his lip .
he came by bus .
he came by car .
he can't do it .
he could do it .
he flew a kite .
he gazed at me .
he got the job .
he has a beard .
he has a lunch .
he has a point .
he has a video .
he has left us .
he has no fear .
he has to come .
he is a genius .
he is a writer .
he is an actor .
he is in tokyo .
he is my uncle .
he is well off .
he keeps a cat .
he lay face up .
he lost a book .
he owes me one .
he sang a song .
he saw it also .
he sold us out .
he talks a lot .
he wants to go .
he was in pain .
he went to bed .
he will not go .
he works a lot .
he's a bit shy .
he's a man now .
here is a book .
here is my key .
hey , what's up ?
hi ! what's new ?
how can i help ?
how can i lose ?
how deep is it ?
how did i look ?
how did it end ?
how did you do ?
how good is he ?
how high is it ?
how long is it ?
how much is it ?
how tall is he ?
how wide is it ?
hurry up , guys .
i am a student .
i am a teacher .
i am a tourist .
i am after him .
i am an artist .
i am in london .
i am not happy .
i am off today .
i am too short .
i am very tall .
i ate too much .
i bike to work .
i bought a hat .
i broke my arm .
i broke my leg .
i came for you .
i can hear you .
i can help tom .
i can help you .
i can prove it .
i can't get in .
i can't go out .
i can't use it .
i did have fun .
i did warn you .
i didn't do it .
i do know that .
i don't get it .
i feel for you .
i fell in love .
i gave it away .
i gave it back .
i gave my word .
i gave up hope .
i get off here .
i get the idea .
i get up early .
i give my word .
i grew up here .
i had a stroke .
i had a vision .
i had fun here .
i had some fun .
i hate her now .
i hate it here .
i hate my boss .
i hate my life .
i hate to iron .
i hate to lose .
i hate to wait .
i have a dream .
i have a horse .
i have a table .
i have a truck .
i have an idea .
i have no clue .
i have no food .
i have no idea .
i have no time .
i have to stop .
i hiccup a lot .
i hurt my foot .
i just gave up .
i just met him .
i keep a diary .
i keep my word .
i kept my word .
i know the boy .
i left my wife .
i let you down .
i like my life .
i like to sing .
i like to swim .
i like to talk .
i live in kobe .
i live in town .
i lost my keys .
i lost the bet .
i love it here .
i love my home .
i love my kids .
i love my life .
i love my work .
i love the sun .
i love to cook .
i love to read .
i love to swim .
i love you all .
i made her cry .
i made him cry .
i may be wrong .
i mean no harm .
i met a friend .
i met him once .
i must buy one .
i must see you .
i need a drink .
i need a favor .
i need a knife .
i need a snack .
i need a stamp .
i need it asap .
i need to know .
i need to stop .
i need you now .
i own this car .
i said get out .
i said not now .
i said shut up !
i saw her home .
i saw her swim .
i saw him jump .
i saw him once .
i saw it first .
i saw the cook .
i saw the file .
i serve no one .
i should do it .
i sneeze a lot .
i sure am cold .
i sure hope so .
i take it back .
i think we can .
i took her arm .
i want a chair .
i want a donut .
i want a drink .
i want a puppy .
i want a raise .
i want the fan .
i want to come .
i want to help .
i want to live .
i want to play .
i want to quit .
i want to stay .
i want to talk .
i want to walk .
i want to work .
i wanted to go .
i was so happy .
i will sue you .
i will take it .
i wish i could .
i'll do it now .
i'll see to it .
i'm a bit busy .
i'm a free man .
i'm a good guy .
i'm a nice guy .
i'm a real man .
i'm an old man .
i'm happy , too .
i'm in the car .
i'm mad at you .
i'm not a fool .
i'm not a hero .
i'm not a liar .
i'm one of you .
i'm out of gas .
i'm sure of it .
i'm used to it .
if only i knew !
is it any good ?
is it in there ?
is she at home ?
is that a fact ?
is that for me ?
is that so bad ?
is this a date ?
is this a joke ?
it has to stop .
it is so early .
it is too late .
it may be true .
it was a dream .
it was a fluke .
it was so dark .
it was so good .
it's a big one .
it's not a dog .
it's up to you .
it's what i am .
leave it to me .
leave it to us .
lend me a hand .
let me do that .
let me do this .
let me hear it .
may i eat this ?
may i go first ?
may i help you ?
may i join you ?
may i sit here ?
may i use this ?
my name is tom .
no one can say .
no one can see .
no one is home .
no one knew it .
no one told me .
now i feel bad .
now i know why .
play us a tune .
prove it to me .
save me a seat .
she has a bike .
she has a book .
she is a nurse .
she shot a gun .
show it to her .
show it to him .
snap out of it !
stay out of it .
that is a boat .
that was a lie .
the cat is wet .
the flag is up .
the tea is hot .
they let me go .
this is a book .
this is a desk .
this is a fact .
this is a joke .
this is a lion .
this is a scam .
this is a sign .
this is my car .
this is my cat .
this is my dog .
this was a lie .
tom did it all .
tom died at 65 .
tom is a guest .
tom is a moron .
tom is a thief .
tom is at work .
tom set a trap .
tom , don't die .
try not to cry .
try to find it .
try to stop me .
turn on the tv .
walk tall , son .
was that a yes ?
we all knew it .
we all know it .
we are all set .
we can do that .
we can't do it .
we drank a lot .
we had a blast .
we had to stop .
we have a plan .
we have it all .
we must go now .
we need a plan .
we need to eat .
we need to win .
well done , tom .
well , let's go .
what a big dog !
what did i get ?
what did i win ?
what do i care ?
what do i have ?
what do you do ?
what if i fail ?
when did he go ?
who did he see ?
who is on duty ?
who will do it ?
why do you ask ?
why do you lie ?
why is he busy ?
will you do it ?
you have to go .
you lied to me .
you must do it .
you need a job .
you need to go .
you owe me one .
a fish can swim .
a man must work .
am i alone here ?
am i boring you ?
are we all here ?
are you a ghost ?
are you all set ?
are you at home ?
are you at work ?
are you guys ok ?
are you on dope ?
be careful , tom !
be quiet , girls .
boy was i naive .
boy was i wrong .
bring him to me .
bring me my hat .
can i afford it ?
can i be honest ?
can i come over ?
can i keep this ?
can i leave now ?
can i pay later ?
can i trust him ?
can they see me ?
can they see us ?
can we fix this ?
can we help you ?
can you do that ?
can you hear me ?
can you hear us ?
can you help me ?
can you help us ?
can you see tom ?
can you show me ?
can you shut up ?
can you skip me ?
come and get it .
come and see me .
come as you are .
come if you can .
come on up here .
did i drop that ?
did i miss much ?
did tom find it ?
did he go there ?
did he say that ?
did she like it ?
did you do this ?
did you drop it ?
did you hear it ?
did you like it ?
did you miss me ?
did you need me ?
did you say yes ?
did you take it ?
dig a deep hole .
do i look tired ?
do it right now .
do not tempt me .
do we have time ?
do what he says .
do you eat fish ?
do you eat meat ?
do you have one ?
do you know cpr ?
do you know her ?
do you know him ?
do you know why ?
do you like rap ?
do you see that ?
do you think so ?
do you trust me ?
do you want any ?
do you want him ?
do your own job .
does he know me ?
does he like me ?
don't be so shy .
don't die on me .
don't lie to me .
don't rub it in .
draw me a sheep .
fetch me my hat .
fold up the map .
get in the boat .
get me a lawyer .
get off my back !
get out of here .
get rid of them .
give her a doll .
give it to them .
give me a break .
give me a drink .
give them to me .
go back to work .
go grab a drink .
go see a doctor .
go to the store .
go to your room !
god sent a sign .
great , isn't it ?
hand me a towel .
has he come yet ?
have a nice day !
have pity on us !
he began to cry .
he began to run .
he bought a car .
he bought a hat .
he can run fast .
he can't be ill .
he did his best .
he did it again .
he does it fast .
he drank a beer .
he drinks a lot .
he gave up hope .
he got into bed .
he got the ball .
he got very mad .
he had no money .
he has a toyota .
he has a camera .
he has gone mad .
he has gone out .
he has no money .
he has ten cows .
he has two cars .
he has two cats .
he hit me twice .
he is a dreamer .
he is a painter .
he is a psychic .
he is a student .
he is a teacher .
he is my friend .
he is off today .
he is very tall .
he is well paid .
he likes to run .
he lost his job .
he made a robot .
he made her cry .
he made me sing .
he may be there .
he may not come .
he puts on airs .
he sang off key .
he saved us all .
he saw the girl .
he stared at me .
he was very fun .
he was very old .
he will also go .
he's a bad liar .
he's a frat boy .
he's a good boy .
he's a real man .
he's not a hero .
he's not a liar .
he's not in yet .
he's on his way .
help me , please .
help us , please .
here i am again .
here is the map .
here , take this .
his id was fake .
his name is mud .
his son is sick .
his word is law .
hold on , please .
how are you all ?
how are you now ?
how big you are !
how can that be ?
how can this be ?
how can we tell ?
how could it be ?
how did it feel ?
how do you know ?
how is it going ?
how is your dad ?
how nice of you !
how old are you ?
how rude of you !
how'd you do it ?
hurry up , girls .
i ache all over .
i almost did it .
i am a japanese .
i am a bachelor .
i am busy today .
i am from egypt .
i am in trouble .
i am not eating .
i am very sorry .
i am very tired .
i beg to differ .
i bit my tongue .
i booked a seat .
i bought a book .
i broke a glass .
i called tom up .
i called her up .
i called him up .
i can drive you .
i can handle it .
i can swim fast .
i can swim well .
i can't be sure .
i can't bear it .
i can't do that .
i can't fake it .
i can't feel it .
i can't find it .
i can't give up .
i can't help it .
i can't keep it .
i can't let you .
i can't make it .
i caught a cold .
i could be next .
i cry every day .
i dealt with it .
i did it anyway .
i did it myself .
i did that once .
i didn't say it .
i didn't see it .
i don't mind it .
i don't need it .
i don't see how .
i don't want it .
i dried my face .
i drive to work .
i feel fine now .
i feel his pain .
i feel the same .
i felt left out .
i fired the gun .
i forgot my bag .
i forgot my key .
i forgot my pen .
i go every year .
i got a bargain .
i got no answer .
i guess it's ok .
i had a seizure .
i had my doubts .
i had no choice .
i had no doubts .
i had some help .
i had to resign .
i hate my voice .
i hate that guy .
i hate them all .
i hate this car .
i hate this job .
i hate this rug .
i hate you both .
i have a bruise .
i have a sister .
i have no fever .
i have no horse .
i have the keys .
i have to fight .
i have to hurry !
i have to study .
i have to think .
i have two cats .
i have two jobs .
i heard a noise .
i hope tom wins .
i hope it helps .
i hope it rains .
i just found it .
i just got here .
i just got that .
i just miss him .
i just told him .
i knew the risk .
i knew too much .
i knew we'd win .
i know tom lied .
i know all that .
i know all this .
i know her well .
i know the girl .
i know them all .
i know your son .
i laughed a lot .
i learned a lot .
i left the room .
i lied about it .
i like old cars .
i like that job .
i like the cold .
i like them all .
i like this job .
i like this one .
i like to dream .
i like to laugh .
i like your car .
i like your dog .
i like your hat .
i like your tie .
i lit the match .
i live here now .
i live in hyogo .
i live in japan .
i live in milan .
i live in tokyo .
i lost my phone .
i lost my watch .
i love this car .
i love this job .
i love this one .
i love to party .
i love to teach .
i love you both .
i love you guys .
i love your car .
i love your son .
i made that one .
i made the deal .
i meant no harm .
i met tom there .
i might say yes .
i miss all this .
i must be blind .
i must go alone .
i must help you .
i need a doctor .
i need a hammer .
i need a laptop .
i need a lawyer .
i need a pencil .
i need a weapon .
i need help now .
i need his help .
i need it today .
i need the keys .
i need to shave .
i need to sleep .
i need to study .
i need you here .
i never said no .
i never saw you .
i often see him .
i only need one .
i paid for them .
i paid my bills .
i paid the bill .
i ran for mayor .
i rang the bell .
i read his book .
i read the book .
i relied on him .
i run every day .
i said i'm fine .
i saw tom naked .
i saw her again .
i saw him naked .
i saw him there .
i saw it coming .
i saw the movie .
i saw you there .
i see a pattern .
i see his house .
i slept all day .
i still do that .
i talked to her .
i think i agree .
i think it's ok .
i turned it off .
i use this desk .
i want a doctor .
i want a family .
i want a lawyer .
i want a refund .
i want my money .
i want my stuff .
i want that bag .
i want that cat .
i want that job .
i want the best .
i want this bag .
i want this cat .
i want to dance .
i want to dream .
i want to drink .
i want to drive .
i want to fight .
i want to sleep .
i want to speak .
i want to watch .
i want you back .
i wanted to die .
i wanted to pay .
i was a teacher .
i was born here .
i was in charge .
i was not drunk .
i was on patrol .
i was too small .
i went for help .
i went to paris .
i will help you .
i will kill you .
i will miss you .
i will stop you .
i will warn him .
i will watch it .
i wish you luck .
i won't be late .
i won't be long .
i won't buy one .
i won't risk it .
i work in milan .
i work two jobs .
i work with him .
i yelled at tom .
i'd do it again .
i'd like a fork .
i'll be at home .
i'll be glad to .
i'll buy a ford .
i'll come by 10 .
i'll do my best .
i'll fix it now .
i'll pay for it .
i'm a tv addict .
i'm a bit drunk .
i'm a bit tipsy .
i'm a bit tired .
i'm a good cook .
i'm a happy man .
i'm a night owl .
i'm able to run .
i'm able to ski .
i'm at work now .
i'm color - blind .
i'm here to win .
i'm in no hurry .
i'm left - handed .
i'm not a child .
i'm not a crook .
i'm not a drunk .
i'm not a robot .
i'm not a saint .
i'm not a thief .
i'm not so sure .
i'm out of ammo .
i'm ready to go .
i'm sick of you .
i'm such a fool .
i'm tired of it .
i've got a cold .
i've got a plan .
i've got it all .
is he a teacher ?
is he all right ?
is it all there ?
is it all wrong ?
is it clear now ?
is it good news ?
is it not black ?
is it that hard ?
is it too small ?
is it your bike ?
is she a doctor ?
is she here yet ?
is that a crime ?
is this a river ?
is this my life ?
is this my wine ?
it blew my mind .
it can be fatal .
it could be tom .
it could be fun .
it is an option .
it may seem odd .
it took all day .
it was a relief .
it was ages ago .
it was all done .
it was all gone .
it was all over .
it was my fault .
it was too late .
it was too long .
it was very hot .
it was worth it .
it's ok with me .
it's a bad time .
it's a dead end .
it's a fine day .
it's a new book .
it's a nice day .
it's all i know .
it's all i need .
it's all i want .
it's as you say .
it's hard to do .
it's news to me .
it's not a date .
it's not a game .
it's not a gift .
it's not a joke .
it's on its way .
it's on my desk .
it's time to go .
just try it out .
let me check it .
let me find out .
let me go alone .
let me help you .
let me see that .
let's do it now .
let's go by bus .
let's go by car .
let's go to bed .
life is a dream .
look what i did .
may i be honest ?
may i borrow it ?
may i leave now ?
might i come in ?
my tv is broken .
my bag is empty .
my book is here .
my cat is happy .
my cat is white .
my father is in .
my mouth is dry .
my wife was mad .
my work is done .
nice to see you .
no one can help .
no one can tell .
no one got hurt .
no one got sick .
no one is there .
no one likes me .
no one saw that .
no one was hurt .
no one was late .
now go have fun .
now is the time .
okay , i'm ready .
pour me a drink .
put on your hat .
put your hat on .
see what i mean ?
she got up late .
she had a radio .
she has no fear .
she is a beauty .
she is a doctor .
she is a runner .
she is a singer .
she is a typist .
she is not tall .
she lost a book .
she talks a lot .
she tied him up .
she woke him up .
she's on a roll .
show them to me .
show us the way .
sorry , i forgot .
stay in the car .
stop it , please .
take care of it .
take it , please .
talk to my boss .
that car is his .
that dog is big .
that is a table .
that is her car .
that is his car .
that is my book .
that is so cool .
that was a sign .
that's all i do .
the air is damp .
the book is red .
the car is blue .
the cat is lazy .
the cat is safe .
the cup is full .
the dog is dead .
the dog is mine .
the dog is ours .
the lake is big .
the light is on .
the moon is out .
the net is huge .
the room is hot .
the sea is blue .
the sea is calm .
the sky is blue .
the soup is hot .
the sun has set .
the well is dry .
they all did it .
they had a boat .
this dog is big .
this is a farce .
this is for you .
this is my beer .
this is my book .
this is my fate .
this is my home .
this is my room .
this is my wine .
this is no joke .
this is so easy .
this is so good .
this is the boy .
this is the end .
to each his own .
tom had no sons .
tom has a beard .
tom has a horse .
tom has my book .
tom is a muslim .
tom is a doctor .
tom is a genius .
tom is a player .
tom is all ears .
tom is an idiot .
tom is no angel .
tom is not dumb .
tom is not here .
tom is on leave .
tom is your age .
tom paid for it .
tom saw a mouse .
tom was in love .
tom will fix it .
tom works a lot .
try and stop me .
try not to yawn .
turn off the tv .
we all did well .
we all had hope .
we all have fun .
we all know tom .
we all like him .
we are a family .
we are busy men .
we are his sons .
we are the best .
we both want it .
we can't see it .
we count on you .
we eat fish raw .
we have no time .
we have to move .
we like to talk .
we love our dog .
we made him cry .
we need to talk .
we ought to win .
we sang for her .
we try our best .
we want to help .
we want to talk .
we went on foot .
we went too far .
we're here , too .
what a huge dog !
what a nice tie !
what can you do ?
what could i do ?
what did i miss ?
what did he say ?
what do you say ?
what do you see ?
what fell on me ?
what is he like ?
what is his age ?
what time is it ?
what's up , dude ?
when can we eat ?
when did it end ?
where did he go ?
where do i turn ?
where is my car ?
where is my dog ?
where is my son ?
which key is it ?
who are you all ?
who did you see ?
who is that guy ?
who is that man ?
who is this boy ?
who is this guy ?
why am i crying ?
why are we here ?
why are you sad ?
why did tom lie ?
why did you lie ?
why do we dream ?
why is she here ?
why not ask tom ?
why should i go ?
would you do it ?
you are my hero .
you are so cute .
you are the one .
you can come in .
you can go back .
you can go home .
you can make it .
you can take it .
you have my mug .
you let me down .
you lied to tom .
you made my day .
your cat is fat .
your time is up .
a bird has wings .
a cab is waiting .
a cop was killed .
a dog is barking .
a fuse has blown .
a girl phoned me .
all hope is gone .
all men must die .
all of them died .
any book will do .
anyone can do it .
are they in love ?
are those for me ?
are we all happy ?
are we done here ?
are we going far ?
are we safe here ?
are you a doctor ?
are you a lawyer ?
are you a maniac ?
are you a singer ?
are you a typist ?
are you a wizard ?
are you all nuts ?
are you busy now ?
are you for real ?
are you free now ?
are you in paris ?
are you new here ?
are you on crack ?
are you still up ?
ask her her name .
ask him his name .
bring me a chair .
bring me a drink .
bring me my cane .
bring them to me .
can i be excused ?
can i sleep here ?
can we afford it ?
can we drop this ?
can we go inside ?
can we speak now ?
can you call him ?
can you find out ?
can you meet him ?
can you prove it ?
can you spell it ?
climb to the top .
come and help us .
come run with me .
come sit with us .
come with me now .
cookie is my dog .
could i help you ?
dial 110 at once .
did i write that ?
did tom go alone ?
did tom say that ?
did he touch you ?
did she say that ?
did they say how ?
did they say why ?
did you have fun ?
did you love tom ?
did you meet her ?
did you phone me ?
did you see that ?
did you stop tom ?
did you vote yet ?
do i smell bacon ?
do as you please .
do it right away .
do not come here .
do what you like .
do what you want .
do you even care ?
do you feel sick ?
do you have beer ?
do you have them ?
do you have time ?
do you hear that ?
do you know them ?
do you like cats ?
do you like dogs ?
do you like fish ?
do you like mine ?
do you like snow ?
do you live here ?
do you mind much ?
do you need help ?
do you trust her ?
do you want kids ?
do you want this ?
do you want wine ?
do you work here ?
don't ask me why .
don't be a moron .
don't be so lazy .
don't look at me !
don't look at us .
don't make me go .
don't pick it up .
don't rip me off !
don't say a word .
don't talk to me !
don't yell at me .
don't you get it ?
drinks are on me .
explain it to me .
get away from me .
get back to work .
get into the car .
get on the horse .
get on your bike .
get on your feet .
get out of there .
get to the point !
give him a break !
give me a chance .
give me a hammer .
give me a minute .
give me a second .
give me my drink .
give me the ball .
give me the book .
give me your gun .
give them to her .
give them to him .
give us a minute .
go back to sleep .
go have some fun .
go on without me .
go play with tom .
go to the barber .
go up the stairs .
go when you want .
go with the flow .
good luck to you !
grow up a little .
hang on a minute .
hang on a second .
have a good time .
have a good week !
have a nice time .
have a nice trip !
have a safe trip .
have you met her ?
he became a hobo .
he blew the deal .
he broke the law .
he can swim fast .
he can swim well .
he can't do that .
he can't read it .
he caught a cold .
he cheated on me .
he cleaned it up .
he cried for joy .
he eats too much .
he fed the horse .
he fixed the net .
he flew to paris .
he found my bike .
he gets up early .
he had gray hair .
he had long hair .
he has a picasso .
he has a bicycle .
he has been busy .
he has big hands .
he has long legs .
he has no choice .
he has the joker .
he heard a noise .
he heard a shout .
he is an acrobat .
he is dead drunk .
he is doing well .
he is her friend .
he is in pajamas .
he is in trouble .
he is my brother .
he is my teacher .
he is never lazy .
he is not stupid .
he is still here .
he is very angry .
he is very brave .
he is very young .
he isn't at home .
he keeps a diary .
he kept his word .
he knows his job .
he knows my wife .
he laughed at me .
he left after me .
he left his wife .
he likes to hunt .
he made no reply .
he meant no harm .
he must be tired .
he must love you .
he must not live .
he needs a towel .
he painted a dog .
he ran into debt .
he ratted us out .
he retired at 65 .
he saved my life .
he shall have it .
he shares a room .
he shut the door .
he slept all day .
he slept an hour .
he took his book .
he took his time .
he used his head .
he wants to come .
he was all wrong .
he was born rich .
he was in france .
he was very poor .
he went far away .
he will be ready .
he won't make it .
he's a bit drunk .
he's a bit naive .
he's a bit tipsy .
he's a cat lover .
he's a good liar .
he's a grown man .
he's a sweet guy .
he's about to go .
he's at her side .
he's got the flu .
he's here for me .
he's in my class .
he's just a liar .
he's kind of shy .
he's new in town .
he's not at home .
he's not like us .
he's not my type .
he's open - minded .
he's out of town .
he's ready to go .
he's such a jerk .
help me out here .
her hair is long .
here is the bill .
here is your bag .
here is your dog .
here is your key .
here , drink this .
hold on a minute .
how about a beer ?
how are the kids ?
how cool is this ?
how does it feel ?
how does it look ?
how does it work ?
how good are you ?
how is your cold ?
how is your wife ?
how lucky we are !
how much is that ?
how strong he is !
how stupid he is !
how stupid of me !
how tall are you ?
how tall you are !
how unlucky i am !
how was your day ?
hurry up , please .
i agree with him .
i agree with you .
i already did it .
i am a foreigner .
i am a housewife .
i am a masochist .
i am a professor .
i am a volunteer .
i am an american .
i am cooking now .
i am from brazil .
i am from france .
i am from russia .
i am frying fish .
i am not kidding .
i am only joking .
i am paid weekly .
i am pretty sure .
i am truly sorry .
i began to speak .
i began to sweat .
i believe in god .
i believe in him .
i believe in you .
i bought a house .
i bought a watch .
i brought a book .
i called him tom .
i can't budge it .
i can't eat meat .
i can't eat pork .
i can't find tom .
i can't fix this .
i can't join you .
i can't reach it .
i can't see well .
i can't show you .
i can't stand up .
i can't stop tom .
i caught the flu .
i could kiss you .
i could see that .
i did it already .
i did it quickly .
i didn't hear it .
i didn't like it .
i didn't mean it .
i didn't see her .
i didn't see him .
i didn't see you .
i didn't take it .
i do believe you .
i don't allow it .
i don't buy that .
i don't do drugs .
i don't eat meat .
i don't eat pork .
i don't envy you .
i don't hate him .
i don't hate you .
i don't have one .
i don't know her .
i don't know him .
i don't know why .
i don't know yet .
i don't know you .
i don't like her .
i don't like him .
i don't love her .
i don't mean you .
i don't need tom .
i don't think so .
i don't watch tv .
i drank the wine .
i drink to relax .
i drive a hybrid .
i feel all right .
i feel bad today .
i feel safe here .
i feel so pretty .
i feel so stupid .
i feel very cold .
i feel very sick .
i feel your pain .
i forgot the map .
i found it there .
i found my shoes .
i found your cap .
i got home first .
i got paid today .
i got really mad .
i guess we could .
i had a headache .
i had my reasons .
i hate my sister .
i hate that book .
i hate that idea .
i hate that song .
i hate this game .
i hate this song .
i hate this town .
i hate your guts .
i have tom's key .
i have a bicycle .
i have a diploma .
i have a grenade .
i have a problem .
i have a receipt .
i have asked him .
i have been busy .
i have few books .
i have hay fever .
i have no choice .
i have no excuse .
i have no family .
i have one child .
i have some food .
i have some time .
i have sore feet .
i have to change .
i have two books .
i hope you agree .
i just got fired .
i just love that .
i just opened it .
i kicked the dog .
i knew the risks .
i know i'm wrong .
i know it myself .
i know only this .
i know the drill .
i know the truth .
i know this song .
i know your face .
i know your name .
i know your type .
i left a message .
i like fresh air .
i like her novel .
i like math best .
i like that song .
i like the beach .
i like these two .
i like this book .
i like this game .
i like this room .
i like this song .
i like to travel .
i like your city .
i like your hair .
i lit the candle .
i live in boston .
i live in tahiti .
i live next door .
i lost my camera .
i lost my temper .
i lost my wallet .
i lost the watch .
i love my family .
i love my mother .
i love old books .
i love soul food .
i love that idea .
i love that show .
i love that song .
i love this game .
i love this part .
i love this show .
i love this song .
i love this town .
i love your city .
i love your eyes .
i love your hair .
i loved that car .
i loved that dog .
i loved the play .
i made tom laugh .
i made a fortune .
i made a mistake .
i made a promise .
i made a snowman .
i made it myself .
i met my friends .
i might be wrong .
i miss you badly .
i missed the bus .
i must get going .
i must leave now .
i must warn them .
i need a kleenex .
i need a haircut .
i need a partner .
i need an escort .
i need more gold .
i need more time .
i need new shoes .
i need new tires .
i need some cash .
i need some soap .
i need the money .
i need to travel .
i need your help .
i never did that .
i never sleep in .
i never told tom .
i opened one eye .
i own a computer .
i own this place .
i own this store .
i paid the check .
i party too much .
i planted a tree .
i play the piano .
i pointed at him .
i prefer to read .
i prefer to walk .
i really am busy .
i really hope so .
i really mean it .
i really need it .
i refused to pay .
i rubbed my feet .
i run this place .
i said stay back .
i sat beside her .
i see your house .
i see your point .
i seldom see him .
i started to cry .
i still like tom .
i still love you .
i swim every day .
i talk to myself .
i think tom died .
i think tom left .
i think it's tom .
i truly hope not .
i waited a month .
i waited a while .
i walk every day .
i walk to school .
i want a blanket .
i want a divorce .
i want a martini .
i want a rematch .
i want a scooter .
i want much more .
i want some milk .
i want that book .
i want the facts .
i want to retire .
i want your love .
i wanted to come .
i was born there .
i was happy then .
i was here first .
i was quite calm .
i was very tired .
i washed my feet .
i waved him back .
i went to school .
i will shoot him .
i will teach you .
i will try again .
i wish them luck .
i won't be quiet .
i won't need you .
i won't tell tom .
i work on sunday .
i worry too much .
i wrote the note .
i'd like a raise .
i'll be at tom's .
i'll be in touch .
i'll beat you up !
i'll clean it up .
i'll fix a drink .
i'll get my coat .
i'll get my keys .
i'll get the car .
i'll go by plane .
i'll go this way .
i'll go with you .
i'll pack my bag .
i'll say no more .
i'll shut up now .
i'll take it all .
i'll try my luck .
i'm 18 years old .
i'm 24 years old .
i'm 25 years old .
i'm a bank clerk .
i'm a bit hungry .
i'm a lonely man .
i'm a normal guy .
i'm able to swim .
i'm all for that .
i'm at the beach .
i'm by your side .
i'm done with it .
i'm fine with it .
i'm going to bed .
i'm good for now .
i'm in the attic .
i'm in the house .
i'm kind of full .
i'm not a beggar .
i'm not a doctor .
i'm not a genius .
i'm not dead yet .
i'm not done yet .
i'm not like you .
i'm not so lucky .
i'm not sure why .
i'm not the boss .
i'm not your son .
i'm on your side .
i'm out of ideas .
i'm out of shape .
i'm proud of you .
i'm retired , too .
i'm sick of fish .
i'm sick of this .
i've done my job .
i've found a job .
i've lost my bag .
i've seen it all .
ironic , isn't it ?
is tom an artist ?
is tom your name ?
is he still here ?
is she all right ?
is that a riddle ?
is that a threat ?
is that for sale ?
is that too hard ?
is that too much ?
is that your car ?
is that your dog ?
is the bank open ?
is the door open ?
is there a point ?
is this a letter ?
is this a riddle ?
is this your dvd ?
is this your car ?
is this your dog ?
is this your pen ?
is your car fast ?
is your dog mean ?
it began to snow .
it belongs to me .
it costs 2 euros .
it did the trick .
it freaks me out .
it hurts so much .
it is cloudy now .
it is fine today .
it is very short .
it is your right .
it just came out .
it looks so real .
it made me laugh .
it matters a lot .
it matters to me .
it may rain soon .
it must be there .
it should be fun .
it was a mistake .
it was all there .
it was all wrong .
it was his fault .
it was just hype .
it was last year .
it was very cool .
it was very dark .
it was very ugly .
it was your idea .
it will grow old .
it won't be easy .
it won't be hard .
it worked for me .
it's a good deal .
it's a good rule .
it's a great day .
it's a large one .
it's a rainy day .
it's a sunny day .
it's a windy day .
it's all we have .
it's an old pain .
it's bad for you .
it's far - fetched .
it's hot in here .
it's just a game .
it's kind of fun .
it's like a drug .
it's no big deal .
it's not all bad .
it's not so easy .
it's not the job .
it's not too far .
it's now my turn .
it's on the sofa .
it's one of mine .
it's the big one .
it's the law now .
it's time to eat .
it's worth a try .
just do your job .
just get to work .
just look at him .
just who are you ?
keep a cool head .
keep the dog out .
leave that to me .
leave this to me .
let me handle it .
let me repair it .
let me stop here .
let me take that .
let me try again .
let's do our job .
let's go ask tom .
let's go by taxi .
let's just do it .
let's take a bus .
live free or die .
look at that dog .
look at this one .
look at your map .
mary is my niece .
may i assist you ?
may i be excused ?
may i come again ?
may i smoke here ?
my boat is small .
my eyes are blue .
my eyes are sore .
my father is out .
my feet are cold .
my feet get cold .
my glass is full .
my house is nice .
my job is boring .
my legs are fine .
my mouth is numb .
my nose is itchy .
my tie is orange .
my wife beats me .
never tell a lie !
nice to meet you .
no need to worry .
no one asked you .
no one can leave .
no one helped me .
no one is amused .
no one is around .
no one is coming .
no one knows why .
no one knows yet .
no one likes war .
no one loves war .
no one says that .
no one showed up .
no one thinks so .
no one warned me .
no one was alive .
no one was there .
no one will care .
no one will know .
no one will talk .
now i'm done for .
our team can win .
our team may win .
pass me the salt .
pump up the tire .
put on your coat .
red wine , please .
rome is in italy .
say it in french .
see you at lunch .
shall i help you ?
she did it again .
she died from tb .
she died in 1960 .
she does know it .
she has dry hair .
she has no shame .
she has wet hair .
she is a pianist .
she is a student .
she is no beauty .
she is not wrong .
she is very busy .
she is very wise .
she just told me .
she lost her way .
she made a scene .
she made him cry .
she may not come .
she must be sick .
she put on socks .
she rode a camel .
she smokes a lot .
she stared at me .
she stood by him .
she talked a lot .
she took my hand .
she was in agony .
she's a bad liar .
she's nice to me .
she's not a liar .
shut that boy up .
sit down , please .
sorry to be late .
stand up , please .
stay in your car .
stay out of this .
stop the car now .
take a short cut .
tell dad to come .
tell tom to wait .
tell me about it !
that book is old .
that car is hers .
that helps a bit .
that helps a lot .
that is a pagoda .
that is a pencil .
that is not true .
that is old news .
that made me cry .
that was so cool .
that will not do .
that's a big one .
that's all i ask .
that's all i did .
that's all i got .
that's all i saw .
that's how it is .
that's not a job .
that's true , too .
the tv is broken .
the answer is no .
the apple is red .
the bill , please .
the bird is dead .
the book is easy .
the book is here .
the book is mine .
the bus was full .
the car is ready .
the cat is black .
the dog is dying .
the dog is white .
the dog was dead .
the dogs are wet .
the food is cold .
the game is over .
the joke's on us .
the jury is hung .
the light is off .
the light is out .
the light was on .
the line is busy .
the man is right .
the mass is over .
the milk is sour .
the night is hot .
the pain is gone .
the sea is rough .
the soup is cold .
the switch is on .
the tank is full .
the water is hot .
the water is icy .
the well ran dry .
there is no hope .
these are my cds .
they had no food .
they lied to you .
they made her go .
they took a walk .
this and no more .
this bed is cold .
this book is new .
this book is old .
this car is fast .
this car is mine .
this dog is mine .
this game is fun .
this is room 839 .
this is a hybrid .
this is a pencil .
this is an order .
this is bad news .
this is my coach .
this is my horse .
this is my house .
this is not good .
this is not safe .
this is not true .
this is old news .
this is our home .
this is so crazy .
this is too hard .
this is too long .
this is your dog .
this is your key .
this made me sad .
this one's on me .
this was my idea .
those are my cds .
tom ate my lunch .
tom can run fast .
tom can't see us .
tom cooks for us .
tom died at home .
tom died from tb .
tom drinks a lot .
tom had jeans on .
tom has big lips .
tom has red hair .
tom is mary's ex .
tom is a monster .
tom is a mystery .
tom is a student .
tom is all alone .
tom is all right .
tom is an intern .
tom is an orphan .
tom is at school .
tom is like that .
tom is my friend .
tom is our guest .
tom is the owner .
tom is too young .
tom isn't a hero .
tom killed a man .
tom likes to run .
tom lost his hat .
tom lost his job .
tom lost the bet .
tom needs a bath .
tom swears a lot .
tom took the job .
tom wants a beer .
tom will find it .
tom won the game .
tom's big - headed .
trust me on that .
trust me on this .
try it once more .
try not to laugh .
try not to panic .
try not to worry .
try some of this .
try to calm down .
try to go slower .
try to look busy .
turn to the left .
walk ahead of me .
was there a fire ?
we all have kids .
we are not alone .
we both love you .
we can all dream .
we can still win .
we can't be sure .
we can't do that .
we can't give up .
we can't go back .
we depend on you .
we do not forget .
we found it here .
we gave our word .
we got too close .
we have a theory .
we have no money .
we have no proof .
we have no water .
we have to split .
we have two ears .
we have two kids .
we have two sons .
we heard a noise .
we just got here .
we kept our word .
we know all this .
we know it works .
we left by train .
we live in peace .
we lost the game .
we meant no harm .
we met last week .
we met on sunday .
we must fix this .
we must sit down .
we need you back .
we only want you .
we want to leave .
we were too late .
we will fix this .
we will not fail .
we wish you luck .
we won the match .
we'll pay for it .
we're a bit late .
we're on our own .
we're on our way .
we've done a lot .
we've got a boat .
were you shot at ?
what a big eater !
what a big truck !
what a cute baby !
what a cute girl !
what a funny man !
what a good shot !
what a heavy bag !
what a smart guy !
what can be done ?
what can you see ?
what could it be ?
what did she say ?
what did we miss ?
what did you buy ?
what did you eat ?
what did you get ?
what did you say ?
what did you see ?
what do bees eat ?
what do you have ?
what do you know ?
what do you like ?
what do you mean ?
what do you need ?
what do you seek ?
what do you want ?
what does he say ?
what does he see ?
what does she do ?
what else is new ?
what has he done ?
what have i done ?
what have we got ?
what if i refuse ?
what if he fails ?
what is all this ?
what is going on ?
what is he after ?
what is he doing ?
what is his name ?
what is it about ?
what is the news ?
what is the time ?
what is this for ?
what is your age ?
what shall we do ?
what should i do ?
what will we eat ?
what will you do ?
what woke you up ?
when are you off ?
when do we leave ?
when do we start ?
when does it end ?
when will you go ?
where are we now ?
where can i park ?
where did you go ?
where do i sleep ?
where is my book ?
where is my seat ?
where is the boy ?
where is the cat ?
where is the dog ?
which is our car ?
which way is out ?
who did you meet ?
who do you trust ?
who else is here ?
who is that lady ?
who is this girl ?
who is this lady ?
who will help me ?
whose turn is it ?
why are you late ?
why can't i hear ?
why can't i move ?
why did you call ?
why did you quit ?
why did you stop ?
why do you study ?
why would he lie ?
will that be all ?
will you help me ?
will you join us ?
will you shut up ?
will you tell me ?
would it help me ?
you all did well .
you are a doctor .
you are a genius .
you are not kind .
you are to blame .
you are too late .
you came at five .
you came in late .
you can all help .
you can go there .
you can look now .
you can trust me .
you can use mine .
you can't go now .
you can't go out .
you can't go yet .
you can't say no .
you did say that .
you have a point .
you have my word .
you have no idea .
you have no life .
you have to come .
you know i can't .
you know me well .
you know the law .
you look so cool .
you look so pale .
you made tom cry .
you made me late .
you make me sick .
you may be right .
you may go there .
you may meet him .
you may quote me .
you missed a lot .
you must tell me .
you must tell us .
you need a drink .
you need to come .
you need to rest .
you need to stop .
you saved us all .
you should do it .
you're a man now .
your car is fast .
your dog is here .
your face is red .
your fly is open !
your room is big .
a dog was running .
a drunk robbed me .
a leaf is falling .
add a little milk .
am i making sense ?
am i under arrest ?
any paper will do .
are they all nuts ?
are you a student ?
are you all alone ?
are you all ready ?
are you all right ?
are you from here ?
are you happy now ?
are you in boston ?
are you in danger ?
are you ready now ?
are you saying no ?
are you the mayor ?
are your eyes bad ?
be honest with me .
be kind to others .
be nice to others .
beware of the dog !
boys will be boys .
bring me my shoes .
but i was careful .
can i dial direct ?
can i do anything ?
can i make copies ?
can all birds fly ?
can the baby walk ?
can we go fishing ?
can you afford it ?
can you go faster ?
can you handle it ?
can you read that ?
can't you help us ?
cocaine is a drug .
come a bit closer .
come here at once .
come into my room .
come play with us .
come to my office .
cows give us milk .
cut off the power .
deal us the cards .
did i fall asleep ?
did i startle you ?
did they hurt you ?
did you hear that ?
did you know that ?
did you live here ?
did you read them ?
did you wash that ?
didn't you go out ?
do ants have ears ?
do as you're told .
do it by yourself .
do they like wine ?
do you drink beer ?
do you drink wine ?
do you ever sleep ?
do you feel lucky ?
do you guys smoke ?
do you have money ?
do you have paper ?
do you know latin ?
do you like music ?
do you like trips ?
do you live alone ?
do you love music ?
do you need money ?
do you smell that ?
do your very best .
does he live here ?
does she know you ?
don't be so angry .
don't be so silly .
don't do it again .
don't even try it .
don't go in there .
don't laugh at me .
don't let me down .
don't look at him !
don't look for us .
don't look so sad .
don't make a fuss .
don't make me beg .
don't rely on him .
don't run so fast .
don't screw it up !
don't talk to tom .
don't wait for me .
don't wake her up .
don't you go away .
don't you like us ?
earth is a planet .
even my mom knows .
every bus is full .
fill in this form .
get into your car .
get me some water .
get on your knees .
get ready for bed .
get up , everybody .
give me an orange .
give me five days .
give me some milk .
give me the money .
give me your belt .
give me your hand .
give me your keys .
go ahead and talk .
go away right now !
go get some water .
grab hold of this .
has tom eaten yet ?
has the bell rung ?
have you tried it ?
hay is for horses .
he asked for food .
he asked for help .
he began to sweat .
he blocked my way .
he broke his word .
he broke my heart .
he called my name .
he came back soon .
he came in person .
he can't be young .
he can't help you .
he carried a cane .
he chewed his gum .
he cried with joy .
he deals in grain .
he did it himself .
he did not listen .
he didn't show up .
he died of cancer .
he does not smoke .
he drank a little .
he drives a truck .
he dropped a vase .
he earns a living .
he employs a maid .
he fills the bill .
he glanced at her .
he goes to school .
he got very drunk .
he got well again .
he grabbed my arm .
he has a headache .
he has blond hair .
he has brown eyes .
he has curly hair .
he has no bicycle .
he has no remorse .
he has short hair .
he has small feet .
he has three sons .
he hates his life .
he helped me move .
he himself did it .
he is a biologist .
he is a daredevil .
he is a detective .
he is a dramatist .
he is a gentleman .
he is a physicist .
he is a scientist .
he is about forty .
he is an american .
he is beyond help .
he is beyond hope .
he is getting old .
he is in business .
he is not married .
he is quite right .
he is running now .
he is still alive .
he is still angry .
he is teaching me .
he is very honest .
he is walking now .
he is watching tv .
he isn't here now .
he just texted me .
he keeps his word .
he keeps two cats .
he kept it secret .
he kept on crying .
he knows too much .
he left the house .
he likes my jokes .
he lives close by .
he lives in kyoto .
he lives in osaka .
he lives in tokyo .
he looks after us .
he lost his honor .
he loves to party .
he made a mistake .
he may come today .
he moved to tokyo .
he must find work .
he needed to rest .
he never asked me .
he owns this land .
he raised his arm .
he raised his hat .
he ran five miles .
he refused to pay .
he ruined my life .
he runs very fast .
he saved a sailor .
he shook his head .
he skipped a year .
he started to cry .
he stayed up late .
he stole my heart .
he struck a match .
he threw the ball .
he told the truth .
he turned the key .
he twisted my arm .
he wakes up early .
he wants an apple .
he wants to speak .
he was raging mad .
he was tired then .
he was very happy .
he was wide awake .
he went back home .
he will be missed .
he will come back .
he will come soon .
he will excuse me .
he wore old shoes .
he wore red pants .
he works at night .
he works under me .
he wrote a letter .
he'll get over it .
he's a big coward .
he's a movie buff .
he's an old timer .
he's deep in debt .
he's in hot water .
he's kind of cute .
he's not here yet .
he's old and ugly .
he's raking it in .
her eyes are blue .
her nails are red .
here is your book .
here we are again .
his eyes are blue .
his room's a mess .
his story is true .
how about a drink ?
how about a smoke ?
how about a snack ?
how are you doing ?
how are you today ?
how could this be ?
how is it spelled ?
how long are they ?
how lucky you are !
how should i know ?
how was the beach ?
how was your stay ?
how was your test ?
how was your trip ?
how was your walk ?
how'd it work out ?
how'd you find it ?
i accept the risk .
i admit i'm wrong .
i agreed with tom .
i agreed with her .
i almost shot you .
i already said no .
i also went there .
i am a vegetarian .
i am almost ready .
i am baking bread .
i am from england .
i am rather happy .
i am so exhausted !
i am studying now .
i am very curious .
i am very pleased .
i ate my sandwich .
i baited the hook .
i barely know you .
i bathe every day .
i beg your pardon .
i bet you're busy .
i bid against him .
i bought a hybrid .
i bought that car .
i bought the book .
i broke his heart .
i brushed my hair .
i called for help .
i called the cops .
i came from china .
i can comfort her .
i can handle this .
i can hardly swim .
i can hardly walk .
i can play chopin .
i can play tennis .
i can protect you .
i can't afford it .
i can't blame him .
i can't blame you .
i can't keep this .
i can't leave now .
i can't place him .
i can't read lips .
i can't read this .
i can't slow down .
i can't stand him .
i can't swim well .
i changed my mind .
i checked my bags .
i come from japan .
i could tutor you .
i couldn't get it .
i did my homework .
i did this myself .
i didn't break it .
i didn't buy them .
i didn't clean it .
i didn't feel bad .
i didn't hear you .
i didn't kill tom .
i didn't kiss tom .
i didn't know tom .
i didn't know how .
i didn't say that .
i didn't see much .
i didn't steal it .
i didn't touch it .
i don't accept it .
i don't blame you .
i don't even vote .
i don't feel sick .
i don't feel well .
i don't get opera .
i don't have long .
i don't have that .
i don't have time .
i don't know them .
i don't like cops .
i don't like dogs .
i don't like eggs .
i don't like kids .
i don't like sand .
i don't like snow .
i don't like that .
i don't like this .
i don't need luck .
i don't want meat .
i don't want that .
i don't work here .
i drank the water .
i dropped my keys .
i feel better now .
i feel really bad .
i feel safer here .
i feel their pain .
i feel well today .
i felt very happy .
i finally gave up .
i find that funny .
i forgot my scarf .
i forgot the book .
i found the money .
i get good grades .
i get the picture .
i got first place .
i got left behind .
i got off lightly .
i got soaking wet .
i got very sleepy .
i guess it's true .
i guess that's ok .
i had a breakdown .
i had a nightmare .
i had an accident .
i hate being late .
i hate my brother .
i hate my parents .
i hate rainy days .
i hate that color .
i hate that movie .
i hate this music .
i hate this place .
i hate this store .
i hate this thing .
i have tom's keys .
i have a backache .
i have a computer .
i have a daughter .
i have a hangover .
i have a headache .
i have a passport .
i have a proposal .
i have a question .
i have a solution .
i have an earache .
i have bad breath .
i have been loved .
i have brown hair .
i have many books .
i have many discs .
i have no comment .
i have no friends .
i have no privacy .
i have no regrets .
i have no sisters .
i have one sister .
i have some gifts .
i have some money .
i have three dogs .
i held his sleeve .
i hit the jackpot .
i hope he's wrong .
i hope she's safe .
i hope that helps .
i hope this works .
i hope we survive .
i just can't wait .
i just dropped in .
i just feel awful .
i just gave blood .
i just got bitten .
i just got tenure .
i just ignore tom .
i kept on reading .
i knew you'd come .
i know a shortcut .
i know his family .
i lied about that .
i like coffee hot .
i like folk songs .
i like short hair .
i like that shirt .
i like that skirt .
i like the colors .
i like these hats .
i like this color .
i like this model .
i like those odds .
i like your beard .
i like your dress .
i like your house .
i like your place .
i like your scarf .
i like your shoes .
i like your smile .
i like your style .
i liked that book .
i liked this book .
i liked this film .
i lit the candles .
i live here alone .
i live in comfort .
i locked the door .
i lost an earring .
i lost my glasses .
i love doing this .
i love my country .
i love my parents .
i love that chair .
i love that dress .
i love that movie .
i love that place .
i love that scarf .
i love that shirt .
i love that story .
i love this group .
i love this photo .
i love this place .
i love this store .
i love you anyway .
i love you people .
i love your dress .
i love your house .
i love your place .
i loved that book .
i made a decision .
i made you coffee .
i may outlive you .
i met your friend .
i miss my friends .
i miss my parents .
i miss that place .
i miss this place .
i missed my train .
i missed you kids .
i must eat slowly .
i need 30 minutes .
i need tom's help .
i need a breather .
i need a computer .
i need a keyboard .
i need a vacation !
i need an ashtray .
i need more light .
i need more money .
i need more power .
i need my privacy .
i need some light .
i need some paper .
i need some sleep .
i need some sugar .
i need some water .
i need this money .
i needed a change .
i never knew that .
i never said that .
i never went back .
i often drink tea .
i opened the door .
i owe him nothing .
i owe you nothing .
i paid in advance .
i plan on winning .
i play the violin .
i pulled a muscle .
i punched his jaw .
i read some books .
i really am sorry .
i really doubt it .
i really hope not .
i really like him !
i really like you .
i really love you .
i really miss tom .
i really miss you .
i really need you .
i remember it now .
i rescued the cat .
i ripped my pants .
i saved your life .
i saw him running .
i saw the sunrise .
i saw you cooking .
i saw you outside .
i saw your father .
i see the problem .
i should be happy .
i should be there .
i should head out .
i slept very well .
i still have mine .
i study at school .
i swallowed a bug .
i think i'm drunk .
i think i'm ready .
i think it's fine .
i think it's good .
i think it's true .
i took highway 58 .
i tried to escape .
i truly loved her .
i usually eat out .
i want an apology .
i want more money .
i want my freedom .
i want some paper .
i want some water .
i want ten plates .
i want them alive .
i want to confess .
i want to workout .
i wanted the best .
i wanted to fight .
i wanted to laugh .
i warned you once .
i was happy there .
i was just joking .
i was just mugged .
i was not pleased .
i was on vacation .
i was only joking .
i was tired today .
i was very hungry .
i went on reading .
i went to harvard .
i will choose one .
i will stay there .
i won't back down .
i won't need luck .
i won't sign this .
i worked with tom .
i worry about him .
i wrote that book .
i wrote this book .
i'd better go now .
i'd like to dance .
i'd like to stand .
i'll be back soon .
i'll get off here .
i'll keep it warm .
i'll let you know .
i'll pray for you .
i'll set you free .
i'll tell my wife .
i'll tell you why .
i'll vote for you .
i'll wait for you .
i'm canadian , too .
i'm a busy person .
i'm a careful man .
i'm a good person .
i'm a little busy .
i'm a little hurt .
i'm a little sick .
i'm a new student .
i'm a normal girl .
i'm a total wreck .
i'm all by myself .
i'm at school now .
i'm at the prison .
i'm at your mercy .
i'm aware of that .
i'm doing my best .
i'm doing my duty .
i'm done with you .
i'm from the city .
i'm going to jump .
i'm going to work .
i'm happy with it .
i'm just not sure .
i'm kind of happy .
i'm not a gambler .
i'm not a monster .
i'm not a psychic .
i'm not a soldier .
i'm not a teacher .
i'm not an expert .
i'm not buying it .
i'm not from here .
i'm not giving up .
i'm not like that .
i'm not lying now .
i'm not ready yet .
i'm not that fast .
i'm not the coach .
i'm not tired yet .
i'm not very busy .
i'm not your baby .
i'm not your maid .
i'm sick of lying .
i'm sore all over .
i'm sort of tired .
i'm such an idiot .
i'm taking a bath .
i'm working on it .
i've got bad news .
i've got them all .
i've heard of you .
i've lost my keys .
is he still alive ?
is he still there ?
is her story true ?
is his story true ?
is it raining now ?
is it that urgent ?
is life here hard ?
is sugar a poison ?
is that a problem ?
is that a promise ?
is that all clear ?
is that not clear ?
is that pure gold ?
is that your book ?
is that your room ?
is that your wife ?
is the bath ready ?
is the water deep ?
is there a curfew ?
is this all right ?
is this all yours ?
is this pen yours ?
is this pure gold ?
is this seat free ?
is this seat open ?
is this your beer ?
is this your bike ?
is this your book ?
is this your room ?
is this your wine ?
is your house big ?
it belongs to tom .
it can't hurt you .
it cannot be done .
it didn't go well .
it goes both ways .
it has cooled off .
it is pretty cold .
it is sunny today .
it is windy today .
it isn't over yet .
it makes no sense .
it never gets old .
it rained all day .
it sure scared me .
it was tom's idea .
it was just water .
it was no problem .
it was no trouble .
it was our secret .
it was very funny .
it was very quick .
it was very scary .
it was very windy .
it wasn't a dream .
it wasn't a party .
it will grow back .
it's a bit flimsy .
it's a bit greasy .
it's a bit wobbly .
it's a boys' club .
it's a cloudy day .
it's a girl thing .
it's a good start .
it's a good story .
it's a good thing .
it's a lovely day .
it's a nice party .
it's a pipe dream .
it's a small town .
it's a true story .
it's all i've got .
it's all over now .
it's all the rage .
it's cold in here .
it's dark in here .
it's hard to tell .
it's hot out here .
it's just a dream .
it's just a rumor .
it's just an idea .
it's kind of hard .
it's kind of late .
it's not a secret .
it's not a weapon .
it's not done yet .
it's not my fault .
it's not my style .
it's not over yet .
it's not that bad .
it's not too deep .
it's not too much .
it's not yet time .
it's now or never .
it's on the house .
it's only a dream .
it's part of life .
it's the last one .
it's the only way .
it's time for bed .
it's to your left .
it's too far away .
it's too late now .
it's warm in here .
it's worth a trip .
just do your best .
just tell them no .
keep away from me .
keep out of sight .
keep to the right .
keep your coat on .
knock on the door .
leave me in peace !
let tom stay home .
let no one escape .
let's begin , then .
let's do it again .
let's do this now .
let's flip a coin .
let's get a drink .
let's go by train .
let's go this way .
let's have a chat .
let's have a look .
let's just say no .
let's just try it .
let's pick up tom .
let's sing a song .
let's take a rest .
let's take a taxi .
let's take a trip .
let's take a walk .
life is too short .
live and let live .
look at the girls .
look into my eyes .
make up your mind .
may god bless you .
maybe i should go .
mom set the table .
move away from me .
my bag was stolen .
my brother is out .
my cat loves toys .
my eyes are tired .
my father is busy .
my father is rich .
my father is tall .
my glass is dirty .
my glass is empty .
my hair is greasy .
my hands are cold .
my hands are tied .
my hobby is music .
my house is small .
my tailor is rich .
no one has failed .
no one is perfect .
no one is talking .
no one knows that .
no one lives here .
no one looks busy .
no one misses you .
no one was killed .
no one's in sight .
no problem at all !
ok , i'm convinced .
ok , that's enough .
once more , please .
our train is late .
pay what you want .
pink is for girls .
please back me up !
please fix my toy .
please look at me .
please turn it on .
put out the light .
put some music on .
put your hands up !
read it once more .
say it in english .
she began to sing .
she can handle it .
she can jump high .
she can't do that .
she can't stop me .
she cooks for him .
she decided to go .
she did come here .
she did it easily .
she did it slowly .
she didn't go far .
she drives me mad .
she gets up early .
she has a bicycle .
she has a picture .
she has long hair .
she has many dogs .
she has no figure .
she heard him cry .
she is a beginner .
she is her friend .
she is his friend .
she knew the teen .
she knows my wife .
she left the room .
she made him rich .
she made me hurry .
she met her uncle .
she must be angry .
she must go there .
she never told me .
she smiled at him .
she took her book .
she won't make it .
she's a bit naive .
she's a good liar .
she's a tough one .
she's got a point .
she's not a child .
she's not my type .
she's open - minded .
should i feel bad ?
should i tell him ?
show me that list .
show me the photo .
show me your hand .
so where were you ?
stay away from us .
stay here with us .
stay in the house .
stay in this room .
step on the scale .
stop it right now !
stop the car here .
take a wild guess .
take care of this .
take his car keys .
take off your cap .
take off your hat .
take one of these .
tell me about him .
tell me the story .
tell me the truth .
thank you so much .
that apple is big .
that boy is smart .
that girl is mary .
that hit the spot .
that house is big .
that is a mistake .
that is her house .
that is his house .
that is my school .
that is your book .
that might be fun .
that should do it .
that wall is cold .
that was our plan .
that's a bad spot .
that's a big blow .
that's a big deal .
that's a hard one .
that's a low blow .
that's all i have .
that's all i knew .
that's all i know .
that's all i need .
that's all i said .
that's all i want .
that's all we saw .
that's how it was .
that's news to me .
that's not my car .
that's not my job .
that's only a toy .
that's what i did .
the answer is yes .
the bar is closed .
the bath is ready .
the book is small .
the book is white .
the cage is empty .
the cat scared me .
the cats are safe .
the check , please .
the cops are gone .
the cops want you .
the dog is theirs .
the dog was dying .
the dog went away .
the enemy is weak .
the fight is over .
the fire went out .
the gun is jammed .
the home team won .
the horse is mine .
the house is warm .
the joke's on you .
the lemon is sour .
the lid is closed .
the light went on .
the lights are on .
the man ate bread .
the market is big .
the meat is tough .
the money is gone .
the night is dark .
the pain has gone .
the party is over .
the pay is meager .
the room was dark .
the rumor is true .
the sand was warm .
the shop was busy .
the soup is thick .
the street is wet .
the sun is rising .
the switch is off .
the tank is empty .
the team needs me .
the water is cold .
the water is good .
the water is pure .
the water is warm .
the water was hot .
the worst is over .
there are no gods .
there are so many .
there is a strike .
there is no doubt .
there is no hurry .
there is no paint .
there is one less .
they are all dead .
they are in class .
they are very big .
they can't see me .
they did it again .
they just beat us .
they must be cops .
they must be fake .
they said it's ok .
they sang in tune .
this apple is bad .
this bed is heavy .
this bird can fly .
this book was new .
this box is light .
this coat is warm .
this desk is good .
this dog is white .
this dog is yours .
this egg is fresh .
this guy is great .
this is a miracle .
this is a mistake .
this is a picture .
this is good meat .
this is good news .
this is her house .
this is his fault .
this is his house .
this is messed up .
this is my choice .
this is my family .
this is my friend .
this is my mother .
this is my office .
this is my pencil .
this is my school .
this is my sister .
this is not funny .
this is our house .
this is so boring .
this is so stupid .
this is so unfair .
this is true love .
this is very easy .
this is very good .
this is very true .
this is your book .
this is your fate .
this is your wine .
this isn't a game .
this lake is deep .
this plane is his .
this wall is cold .
this will be easy .
throw me the ball .
today is my treat .
tom broke his arm .
tom called me fat .
tom came too late .
tom can do better .
tom can't come in .
tom can't help me .
tom can't hurt me .
tom caught a fish .
tom could do that .
tom didn't see it .
tom does love you .
tom expects a lot .
tom fed the horse .
tom has windows 7 .
tom has blue eyes .
tom has dark skin .
tom is a preacher .
tom is a teenager .
tom is doing fine .
tom is going nuts .
tom is growing up .
tom is in custody .
tom is making tea .
tom is my brother .
tom is not crying .
tom is very smart .
tom is your uncle .
tom isn't a child .
tom isn't at home .
tom knew too much .
tom likes to fish .
tom likes to knit .
tom lost the race .
tom loves his job .
tom loves to sing .
tom loves you all .
tom made mary cry .
tom must be proud .
tom must be tired .
tom must be wrong .
tom needs to work .
tom never gave up .
tom never said no .
tom rang the bell .
tom refused to go .
tom scored a goal .
tom seems so nice .
tom shook my hand .
tom shut his eyes .
tom sings off key .
tom spoke to mary .
tom stood in line .
tom took a shower .
tom took my money .
tom took the bait .
tom travels a lot .
tom waited for me .
tom wanted to cry .
tom wants to come .
tom wants to help .
tom wants to play .
tom went that way .
tom will find you .
tom won't be long .
tom won't give in .
tom works at home .
tom would say yes .
try it once again .
try to stay awake .
turn on your back .
turn the hose off .
turn to the right .
two beers , please .
wait a bit longer .
was he home alone ?
water is a liquid .
we agree with you .
we all got scared .
we all have flaws .
we are not amused .
we can't go there .
we can't help tom .
we can't help you .
we can't kill tom .
we chose this one .
we didn't find it .
we don't have tea .
we don't know her .
we don't need him .
we don't need you .
we finally did it .
we gave them food .
we had no secrets .
we had no trouble .
we have a problem .
we have good news .
we have no chance .
we have no choice .
we have to escape .
we know this song .
we live in boston .
we long for peace .
we look after him .
we looked for her .
we love our parks .
we made a bargain .
we must keep calm .
we need a victory .
we need an answer .
we need fresh air .
we need more data .
we need more time .
we need your help .
we play on sunday .
we rented a canoe .
we saw them leave .
we should ask tom .
we should go home .
we tried our best .
we tried them all .
we want a rematch .
we want more food .
we want our money .
we went due north .
we went to russia .
we were all happy .
we were all tired .
we were all wrong .
we were in boston .
we won the battle .
we won't use that .
we're a good team .
we're all at risk .
we're not so sure .
we're out of ammo .
we're out of beer .
we're out of milk .
we're out of time .
we're out of wine .
we're ready to go .
we've all done it .
we've all seen it .
we've done it all .
what a clever dog !
what a great idea !
what a lovely day !
what a smart idea !
what a weird idea !
what are we doing ?
what did she mean ?
what did you find ?
what did you hear ?
what did you hide ?
what did you make ?
what do you think ?
what does he want ?
what does it mean ?
what does she say ?
what gave it away ?
what gave me away ?
what have we done ?
what is he hiding ?
what is the delay ?
what is the price ?
what is your name ?
what should i buy ?
what should i eat ?
what was i saying ?
what was she like ?
what would you do ?
what's in the bag ?
when are you busy ?
when did you come ?
when do we arrive ?
when do you study ?
when does he come ?
when does it open ?
when is the party ?
when was she born ?
where are you now ?
where can we meet ?
where can we park ?
where could he be ?
where did they go ?
where do we start ?
where do you live ?
where do you park ?
where do you work ?
where is the book ?
where is the exit ?
where is the pain ?
where is your cap ?
where is your dog ?
where shall we go ?
where will we eat ?
where will you be ?
where will you go ?
which is the best ?
which is your pen ?
which one is mine ?
who ate the bread ?
who broke the cup ?
who can blame you ?
who can you trust ?
who gave you this ?
who is that woman ?
who is this woman ?
who made the doll ?
who made this box ?
who made this pie ?
who needs a drink ?
who says tom knew ?
who should i call ?
who wants a drink ?
who's on the team ?
whose bed is that ?
whose car is that ?
whose car is this ?
whose clock is it ?
whose fault is it ?
whose is this bag ?
whose son are you ?
why all the drama ?
why are they here ?
why are you alone ?
why are you angry ?
why are you lying ?
why is snow white ?
why not just quit ?
why not just stay ?
why not start now ?
why should i wait ?
why take the risk ?
why was tom fired ?
why would i laugh ?
why would she lie ?
will tom be ready ?
will you be going ?
will you go there ?
will you pay cash ?
would you do that ?
would you drop it ?
wow ! that's cheap !
yes . that's right .
you are a student .
you are a teacher .
you are my father .
you are my friend .
you are so stupid .
you are very nice .
you are very rich .
you bet i'm angry .
you broke my nose .
you came too late .
you can come home .
you can have both .
you can trust him .
you can wait here .
you can't beat me .
you can't deny it .
you can't do that .
you can't give up .
you can't help me .
you can't just go .
you can't miss it .
you can't save me .
you could help me .
you did your best .
you did your part .
you got here fast .
you had better go .
you had me fooled .
you had no choice .
you have no fever .
you have no heart .
you have no proof .
you have no taste .
you have one hour .
you have to fight .
you have to leave .
you know too much .
you made an error .
you made me proud .
you make me laugh .
you may be needed .
you may enter now .
you may need this .
you may park here .
you missed a spot .
you must help her .
you must hurry up .
you must stop him .
you need to hurry .
you need to leave .
you need to relax .
you need to sleep .
you read too much .
you run very fast .
you saved my life .
you should go now .
you should try it .
you talk too much .
you two may leave .
you won't be shot .
you won't need it .
you won't need me .
you work too hard .
you work too much .
you'll find a job .
you're a bad liar .
you're free to go .
you're just a boy .
you're just a kid .
your book is here .
your face is pale .
your name , please .
your time is over .
a cat scratched me .
a child is missing .
a child needs love .
a guard is outside .
a storm is brewing .
all my plants died .
am i bothering you ?
am i seeing things ?
anyone can do that .
are these for sale ?
are you a buddhist ?
are you a criminal ?
are you about done ?
are you both crazy ?
are you busy today ?
are you feeling ok ?
are you here alone ?
are you hungry now ?
are you in trouble ?
are you kidding me ?
are you on holiday ?
ask her for advice .
ask him for advice .
better him than me .
boys , be ambitious .
bring me the flute .
call me right back .
call off your dogs .
can i borrow yours ?
can i rent rackets ?
can anyone help me ?
can you believe it ?
can you forgive me ?
clean up that mess .
cold water , please .
come along with me .
come along with us .
come into the room .
come near the fire .
count up to thirty .
crime does not pay .
did i mention that ?
did i surprise you ?
did anyone call me ?
did anyone hear me ?
did anyone miss me ?
did she sleep well ?
did they live here ?
did you check this ?
did you enjoy that ?
did you invite him ?
did you see anyone ?
did you sleep well ?
did you write that ?
didn't you hear me ?
do not disturb her .
do they have money ?
do you accept visa ?
do you believe him ?
do you have enough ?
do you like french ?
do you like moscow ?
do you like wagner ?
do you like apples ?
do you like movies ?
do you like robots ?
do you like salmon ?
do you like school ?
do you like sports ?
do you like summer ?
do you play tennis ?
do you remember me ?
do you remember us ?
do you speak latin ?
do you travel much ?
does he like china ?
does he like japan ?
does it offend you ?
does that mean yes ?
does that suit you ?
does your dog bite ?
does your mom know ?
don't ask me again .
don't be a copycat .
don't be so choosy .
don't be so greedy .
don't be so modest .
don't call her now .
don't call him now .
don't come near me .
don't eat too much .
don't feed the dog .
don't give me that !
don't give up hope .
don't make a noise .
don't make a sound .
don't make me stay .
don't move , please .
don't say too much .
don't tell my wife .
don't thank me now .
don't touch my car .
don't try too hard !
don't walk so fast .
don't write in ink .
don't you think so ?
down with the king !
drink up your milk .
dust off the shelf .
excuse me a minute .
explain that to me .
fill in the blanks .
fill out this form .
get away from here .
get me some coffee .
get me the details .
give me an example .
give me your money .
give me your phone .
give me your shirt .
give me your watch .
go play in traffic .
go to the hospital .
go up these stairs .
hand me that phone .
hand me the remote .
hand me the wrench .
has tom been fired ?
has he arrived yet ?
have a nice flight .
have fun with that .
have we met before ?
have you eaten yet ?
have you gone nuts ?
have you had lunch ?
he od'd on cocaine .
he arrived in time .
he asked about you .
he asked after you .
he asked for money .
he asked my mother .
he banged his head .
he banged his knee .
he broke the rules .
he called for help .
he came here again .
he can barely read .
he can hardly walk .
he can't handle it .
he can't keep time .
he can't stay long .
he cannot be saved .
he changed his job .
he closed the door .
he cried and cried .
he crushed the box .
he did a cartwheel .
he does not listen .
he does speak well .
he doesn't know me .
he doesn't like us .
he doesn't love me .
he doesn't want it .
he drinks too much .
he drives me crazy .
he drove to school .
he entered my room .
he failed the exam .
he forgot her name .
he forgot his name .
he had an accident .
he has another son .
he has greasy hair .
he has no children .
he has white teeth .
he heard the noise .
he heard the sound .
he held his breath .
he is a fishmonger .
he is about thirty .
he is already here .
he is drinking tea .
he is having lunch .
he is my classmate .
he is my colleague .
he is no gentleman .
he is not japanese .
he is playing golf .
he is playing here .
he is so heartless .
he is very careful .
he is very learned .
he isn't my cousin .
he kept me waiting .
he kept on singing .
he kept quite calm .
he kicked the ball .
he killed that man .
he knows the truth .
he learned to swim .
he leaves at eight .
he likes sweet tea .
he lit the candles .
he lives near here .
he looks very good .
he lost his memory .
he made an apology .
he needs the money .
he often gets sick .
he opened the door .
he plays very well .
he pulled my shirt .
he raised his hand .
he rarely gives up .
he robbed me blind .
he rolled his eyes .
he said it himself .
he should be angry .
he should thank me .
he sings very well .
he skipped a grade .
he smiled and left .
he still loves her .
he stole her watch .
he stood behind me .
he stood up slowly .
he stopped the car .
he touched my hand .
he waited his turn .
he walks to school .
he wants the money .
he was alone there .
he was getting old .
he was not pleased .
he weighs 70 kilos .
he went by bicycle .
he went on singing .
he works all night .
he works very hard .
he'll be back soon .
he'll be done soon .
he'll be here soon .
he'll be just fine .
he'll wait for you .
he's a bit jealous .
he's a fast walker .
he's a filthy liar .
he's a food critic .
he's a goal keeper .
he's a good person .
he's a kind person .
he's a married man .
he's a meth addict .
he's a strange guy .
he's a total wreck .
he's already a man .
he's down to earth .
he's good at cards .
he's in the shower .
he's my new friend .
he's not all there .
he's not my cousin .
he's not my father .
he's old and crazy .
he's self - employed .
he's short and fat .
he's still at work .
he's tall and slim .
he's working on it .
help me print this .
her dress was torn .
her father is tall .
her hair grew back .
her skin is smooth .
her socks are gray .
here are our books .
here are the rules .
here are your keys .
here comes the bus .
here is an example .
here is my baggage .
here is my bicycle .
here is some water .
hey , what happened ?
his hair was brown .
his joke was great .
his knees gave way .
his name eludes me .
his room is untidy .
his socks are gray .
his wife is french .
how about this one ?
how accurate is it ?
how could i forget ?
how could i refuse ?
how could i resist ?
how could you know ?
how does this work ?
how foolish of you !
how hungry are you ?
how is it possible ?
how is the economy ?
how is the weather ?
how is your family ?
how is your mother ?
how was your night ?
how's the job hunt ?
how's your new job ?
i accept the offer .
i admit my mistake .
i almost forgot it .
i already did that .
i already said yes .
i already told you .
i am boiling water .
i am done teaching .
i am from portugal .
i am from shizuoka .
i am grilling fish .
i answered for him .
i arrived too late .
i believe all that .
i bet you're right .
i brought you this .
i burned the paper .
i can be impartial .
i can confirm this .
i can explain this .
i can hear nothing .
i can speak french .
i can't control it .
i can't exclude it .
i can't excuse her .
i can't follow you .
i can't forget her .
i can't imagine it .
i can't live alone .
i can't sleep well .
i can't stand kids .
i can't study here .
i checked the date .
i come from brazil .
i confessed my sin .
i coughed up blood .
i could do nothing .
i could not refuse .
i couldn't find it .
i didn't expect it .
i didn't feel well .
i didn't know that .
i didn't like that .
i didn't notice it .
i didn't want that .
i don't believe it !
i don't deserve it .
i don't drink beer .
i don't fear death .
i don't have vodka .
i don't play games .
i don't sleep much .
i don't speak fast .
i ended up winning .
i expect your help .
i failed the tests .
i feared the worst .
i feel funny today .
i feel like crying .
i feel so helpless .
i feel very chilly .
i feel very guilty .
i felt like crying .
i felt very sleepy .
i felt very uneasy .
i forgot my jacket .
i forgot my pencil .
i found a solution .
i fractured my arm .
i hate her parents .
i hate his parents .
i hate my computer .
i hate my roommate .
i hate these words .
i hate this carpet .
i hate this school .
i hate to complain .
i have a toothache .
i have few friends .
i have frizzy hair .
i have many dreams .
i have no appetite .
i have no children .
i have no patience .
i have no religion .
i have no siblings .
i have one brother .
i have seen enough .
i have small hands .
i have to exercise .
i have two cameras .
i have two cousins .
i have two nephews .
i have two tickets .
i heard tom scream .
i heard every word .
i hid it somewhere .
i hope you're well .
i just emailed you .
i just got engaged .
i just got married .
i know tom cheated .
i know her address .
i know his address .
i know nothing yet .
i know the feeling .
i know those women .
i know your father .
i know your mother .
i laughed out loud .
i led that mission .
i left it unlocked .
i like irish music .
i like a challenge .
i like being alone .
i like busy places .
i like comic books .
i like disco music .
i like good coffee .
i like living here .
i like my teachers .
i like short poems .
i like that answer .
i like their house .
i like this answer .
i like this custom .
i like watching tv .
i like your mirror .
i like your outfit .
i liked that movie .
i liked your story .
i live in kakogawa .
i lived in poverty .
i looked around me .
i lost my umbrella .
i lost your number .
i love korean food .
i love a challenge .
i love apple juice .
i love bearded men .
i love being alone .
i love being right .
i love comic books .
i love my children .
i love my daughter .
i love summer rain .
i love your garden .
i love your jacket .
i loved that house .
i made my decision .
i made no mistakes .
i made no promises .
i made them myself .
i made you cookies .
i may die tomorrow .
i may not graduate .
i miss you already .
i missed my flight .
i moved last month .
i must be dreaming .
i must destroy you .
i need a volunteer .
i need an envelope .
i need another one .
i need hand lotion .
i need some advice .
i need some nutmeg .
i need someone now .
i need your advice .
i needed the money .
i never blamed you .
i never doubted it .
i never drink wine .
i never got caught .
i never touch beer .
i never touched it .
i obeyed the rules .
i often read books .
i oiled my bicycle .
i only drink water .
i panicked and ran .
i play video games .
i promise i'll try .
i read comic books .
i read your report .
i really hate this .
i really like snow .
i really like that .
i really love cats .
i really need this .
i really needed it .
i really should go .
i refuse to answer .
i refused at first .
i remember it well .
i repeated my name .
i saw the pictures .
i saw them kissing .
i should take this .
i should thank you .
i shower every day .
i signed the check .
i slapped his face .
i slept nine hours .
i spilled my drink .
i still don't know .
i still enjoy that .
i stopped to smoke .
i suggest we hurry .
i think tom's here .
i think he'll come .
i think he's happy .
i think he's lying .
i think he's right .
i think he's tired .
i think it's funny .
i think that helps .
i think that's tom .
i think we're done .
i think we're even .
i thought you knew .
i thought you quit .
i twisted my ankle .
i walked to school .
i want a boyfriend .
i want a challenge .
i want an attorney .
i want many things .
i wanted red shoes .
i wanted to change .
i was almost right .
i was busy cooking .
i was expecting it !
i was just curious .
i was just leaving .
i was just teasing .
i was married once .
i was not drinking .
i was only teasing .
i was raised right .
i was really upset .
i was scared stiff .
i was sound asleep .
i was very careful .
i was working late .
i was younger then .
i wasn't born rich .
i went to nagasaki .
i will lose weight .
i will protect you .
i won't bother you .
i won't get caught .
i would've done it .
i wouldn't do that .
i'd never hire tom .
i'll be right back .
i'll call the chef .
i'll come with you .
i'll cover for you .
i'll do the dishes .
i'll foot the bill .
i'll go next month .
i'll have the same .
i'll help you pack .
i'll never make it .
i'll pay for lunch .
i'll play with you .
i'll repair it now .
i'll tell him that .
i'm a fast learner .
i'm a little child .
i'm a little dizzy .
i'm a little drunk .
i'm a little rusty .
i'm a little tired .
i'm about to leave .
i'm afraid i can't .
i'm afraid of bats .
i'm afraid of dogs .
i'm at tom's house .
i'm bored to death .
i'm buying a puppy .
i'm coming at once .
i'm coming in july .
i'm counting on it .
i'm free on sunday .
i'm giving it back .
i'm going home now .
i'm going to fight .
i'm going to relax .
i'm going to sleep .
i'm good at skiing .
i'm here to listen .
i'm in charge here .
i'm in good health .
i'm in the bathtub .
i'm in trouble now .
i'm just a teacher .
i'm just a tourist .
i'm laying you off .
i'm letting you go .
i'm no one special .
i'm not a criminal .
i'm not a magician .
i'm not busy today .
i'm not denying it .
i'm not doing that .
i'm not going away .
i'm not happy here .
i'm not hungry yet .
i'm not in trouble .
i'm not old enough .
i'm not quite sure .
i'm not that drunk .
i'm not your enemy .
i'm out of control .
i'm ready to start .
i'm sorry i'm late .
i'm still in shock .
i'm still not sure .
i'm trying my best .
i'm twice your age .
i'm using that cup .
i'm very happy now .
i'm writing a book .
i've been all over .
i've been laid off .
i've caught a cold .
i've done all that .
i've got two books .
i've just seen tom .
i've never met her .
i've never met him .
i've seen all that .
i've seen them all .
is fox news biased ?
is tom from boston ?
is anyone here yet ?
is anyone in there ?
is anyone on board ?
is he back already ?
is he your teacher ?
is it a compliment ?
is it five already ?
is it large enough ?
is she your mother ?
is she your sister ?
is that not enough ?
is that not normal ?
is that real blood ?
is that really you ?
is that your house ?
is the dog chained ?
is the horse black ?
is the house ready ?
is the window open ?
is there a message ?
is there a milkman ?
is there a problem ?
is there any sugar ?
is there hot water ?
is this book yours ?
is this place safe ?
is this seat taken ?
is this your house ?
is this your money ?
is your gun loaded ?
isn't she a doctor ?
it all makes sense .
it came to nothing .
it can't be helped .
it didn't work out .
it feels like rain .
it has no parallel .
it is monday today .
it is pochi's food .
it is almost three .
it is already dark .
it is cloudy today .
it is really cheap .
it looks like rain .
it looks like snow .
it looks very nice .
it makes sense now .
it might be enough .
it rained for days .
it snowed in osaka .
it started to rain .
it started to snow .
it was a nightmare .
it was all planned .
it was good enough .
it was no accident .
it was quite funny .
it was really cold .
it was your choice .
it wasn't my fault .
it wasn't that big .
it wasn't very fun .
it won't last long .
it'll be all right .
it's a big country .
it's a bit extreme .
it's a good camera .
it's a good choice .
it's a good school .
it's a good system .
it's a happy thing .
it's a proven fact .
it's a small world .
it's a strange one .
it's a stupid idea .
it's a stupid rule .
it's a vague story .
it's all our fault .
it's an old custom .
it's at the corner .
it's booby - trapped .
it's bound to rain .
it's cold out here .
it's far too small .
it's for my family .
it's fun to travel .
it's hot down here .
it's just not fair .
it's just not safe .
it's just too soon .
it's made of brass .
it's merely a joke .
it's not a disease .
it's not a holiday .
it's not a problem .
it's not even true .
it's not his style .
it's not just that .
it's not like that .
it's not my choice .
it's not our fault .
it's not safe here .
it's not that cold .
it's not that deep .
it's not that hard .
it's not that nice .
it's not too early .
it's not very easy .
it's not very good .
it's our only hope .
it's our only show .
it's the same here .
it's the same wine .
it's time to leave .
it's time to party .
it's very cold now .
it's way too heavy .
just don't drop it .
just water , please .
keep a low profile .
keep off the grass !
keep the door open .
keep your hands up .
keep your head low .
leave me alone now .
lesson two is easy .
let her replace it .
let me borrow that .
let me handle this .
let me rephrase it .
let's buy this one .
let's check it out .
let's get off here .
let's hit the road .
let's move the bed .
let's not watch tv .
let's sit up front .
let's take the bus .
let's try to sleep .
let's wait a while .
life is very short .
look at it closely .
look at that house .
look in the mirror .
love is not enough .
luck is against me .
mary is tom's wife .
maybe he likes you .
my arm still hurts .
my brother is rich .
my car won't start .
my coach helped me .
my dog is pregnant .
my dream came true .
my dress is ruined .
my eyes feel itchy .
my family is small .
my father is quiet .
my father was busy .
my garden is small .
my hair's too long .
my husband is lazy .
my jeans won't fit .
my mother is crazy .
my mother loves me .
my nose is running .
my parents are old .
my watch is broken .
my wife hates cats .
my wife is chinese .
my wife is cooking .
no one believed me .
no one believes me .
no one followed me .
no one is immortal .
no one is innocent .
no one is speaking .
no one is thrilled .
no one looks happy .
no one respects me .
no one was injured .
no one was present .
no one's safe here .
nobody can beat me .
nobody can help me .
nobody can stop it .
nobody can stop me !
now i'm in trouble .
now i'm wide awake .
now it's your turn .
now's not the time .
once is not enough .
our house is yours .
owls have big eyes .
please call him up .
please don't do it .
please have a seat .
please let us know .
please look for it .
please make my bed .
please sing a song .
please take a bath .
please take a seat .
push the door open .
real men drink tea .
school is over now .
send me a postcard .
she always says no .
she ate her dinner .
she became a nurse .
she became a woman .
she began to sweat .
she cannot stop us .
she could not swim .
she did not listen .
she didn't show up .
she died of cancer .
she does not smoke .
she goes to school .
she had no brother .
she has brown eyes .
she has green eyes .
she has more books .
she has no enemies .
she has no manners .
she has small feet .
she heard him sing .
she invited him in .
she is from france .
she is helping him .
she is kissing him .
she is my daughter .
she is quite angry .
she is very pretty .
she kept on crying .
she listens to him .
she lives in kyoto .
she lives with him .
she made her point .
she made him happy .
she needs our help .
she pointed at him .
she runs a charity .
she shook her head .
she wants to dance .
she was all smiles .
she was born lucky .
she was making tea .
she's a big teaser .
she's a smart girl .
she's a sweet girl .
she's just a child .
should i help them ?
show me an example .
show me your hands .
shut off the water .
shut up and listen !
slip on your shoes .
so what's going on ?
some juice , please .
some water , please .
someone will do it .
stand back , please .
stay away from him !
stay where you are .
step aside , please .
stop being so nice .
stop making a fuss .
stop staring at me .
stop where you are .
stop yelling at me .
stop . that tickles .
strive to be happy .
take a closer look .
take a deep breath .
take off your coat .
take out the trash .
take what you need .
take what you want .
taxes are too high .
tell tom i'm sorry .
that book is small .
that can't be true .
that guy annoys me .
that is my opinion .
that is our school .
that made me laugh .
that was a problem .
that was my intent .
that was very easy .
that was very good .
that was years ago .
that would be fine .
that's a good idea !
that's a man's job .
that's a nice coat .
that's all for now .
that's all we know .
that's all we need .
that's all we want .
that's all you get .
that's an ugly tie .
that's how life is .
that's not a crime .
that's not for tom .
that's not my call .
that's not my name .
that's not our job .
that's one of mine .
that's one of ours .
that's one of them .
the alarm went off .
the answer was yes .
the apples are red .
the area was quiet .
the baby is crying .
the baby was naked .
the bar was packed .
the beach is empty .
the boy is thirsty .
the boy was silent .
the car broke down .
the case is closed .
the chance is gone .
the clock says two .
the coffee is cold .
the damage is done .
the danger is over .
the dog is panting .
the dog looks sick .
the door blew open .
the door blew shut .
the door is closed .
the door is locked .
the earth is round .
the flame went out .
the floor gave way .
the fog has lifted .
the fruit went bad .
the fuse has blown .
the house is clean .
the house is empty .
the ice has melted .
the ice is melting .
the idea isn't bad .
the king is coming .
the light is green .
the light went out .
the lights are out .
the lock is broken .
the meat is frozen .
the milk went sour .
the moon is bright .
the ocean was calm .
the paper is white .
the parrot is dead .
the path is direct .
the power went out .
the price is right .
the road is closed .
the skirt is green .
the sky cleared up .
the snow is melted .
the stamp came off .
the summer is over .
the table is green .
the tire leaks air .
the tree fell down .
the water is clean .
the water was blue .
the water was cold .
the water was warm .
the waves are high .
the weather is bad .
the wind blew hard .
the wind died away .
the woman is naked .
the woman is ready .
the world is small .
their answer is no .
there are no rules .
there goes our bus .
there is no choice .
there is no escape .
there is some wind .
there you go again .
there's a day left .
there's a gas leak .
there's no way out .
these are his pens .
these are our kids .
these dogs are big .
these pens are his .
they all can drive .
they all have come .
they all have kids .
they almost got us .
they are all alike .
they are both good .
they are not tired .
they are too close .
they are very kind .
they can't do that .
they can't do this .
they can't get out .
they can't hurt me .
they didn't see it .
they don't know us .
they have no money .
they live in peace .
they live in tents .
they made him work .
they made the goal .
they must be happy .
they never gave up .
they say he's sick .
they want you dead .
they will not pass !
they won't find it .
they won't help us .
they won't make it .
they work at night .
they work too much .
they're mad at you .
they're not so bad .
they're part of us .
this apple is sour .
this book is small .
this cake is sweet .
this chair is ugly .
this coat fits you .
this dog is shaggy .
this house is mine .
this is mary's dog .
this is tom's room .
this is a disaster .
this is a painting .
this is just water .
this is my bicycle .
this is my brother .
this is not enough .
this is really low .
this is your fault .
this is your house .
this isn't a party .
this one is bigger .
this room is quiet .
this should be fun .
this story is true .
this was your idea .
this won't be easy .
this won't help us .
those are my books .
those are my pants .
those dogs are big .
today is very cold .
tom began to laugh .
tom broke his nose .
tom broke my heart .
tom can trust mary .
tom can't help you .
tom can't use this .
tom could help you .
tom counts on mary .
tom didn't help me .
tom didn't mean it .
tom died in prison .
tom died last year .
tom does good work .
tom drank too much .
tom found the leak .
tom has a hangover .
tom has a mustache .
tom has brown hair .
tom has chosen you .
tom has short hair .
tom has short legs .
tom has three cows .
tom has three kids .
tom hates his life .
tom is john's twin .
tom is a candidate .
tom is an imposter .
tom is behind mary .
tom is getting old .
tom is her brother .
tom is his brother .
tom is job hunting .
tom is looking ill .
tom is my prisoner .
tom is quite drunk .
tom is really good .
tom is still alive .
tom is still angry .
tom is still young .
tom is very greedy .
tom is very stupid .
tom isn't a doctor .
tom isn't a parent .
tom isn't like you .
tom isn't my enemy .
tom keeps his word .
tom kissed my hand .
tom led the attack .
tom left a message .
tom likes that one .
tom likes to write .
tom loved his kids .
tom loves his work .
tom missed the bus .
tom needs help now .
tom paid mary cash .
tom pays his taxes .
tom sold his house .
tom stole the ring .
tom talks too fast .
tom talks too much .
tom tried to leave .
tom tried to sleep .
tom twisted my arm .
tom was born there .
tom was real happy .
tom was very tired .
tom went to boston .
tom won't go alone .
tom's dog stood up .
tom's nose was red .
tom , say something .
try to remain calm .
tuck your shirt in .
turn off the light .
turn off the radio .
turn on the lights .
turn the volume up .
turn up the volume .
wait just a moment .
war affects us all .
was i seen leaving ?
was her story true ?
was his story true ?
was that an insult ?
was that not clear ?
was the movie good ?
we adopted a child .
we are busy people .
we ate some apples .
we better be going .
we can handle that .
we can't afford it .
we can't be killed .
we can't stay here .
we chartered a bus .
we didn't kill tom .
we don't have long .
we don't have that .
we don't like rain .
we don't trust tom .
we drank all night .
we drank some wine .
we found her alive .
we found him alive .
we grow wheat here .
we had lunch early .
we have no comment .
we have no secrets .
we heard a gunshot .
we kept them quiet .
we know each other .
we listen to music .
we lost our chance .
we love each other .
we missed the exit .
we need some money .
we sacrifice a lot .
we saved your life .
we should hang out .
we started to walk .
we want more money .
we watched a movie .
we were both drunk .
we were just going .
we were very close .
we were very tired .
we will meet again .
we'll all be there .
we'll be just fine .
we're a big family .
we're all the same .
we're going to try .
we're in a library .
we're not dead yet .
we're not done yet .
we're not free yet .
we're not sure yet .
we're out of money .
we're out of stock .
we're still a team .
we're the same age .
we've all got ears .
we've gone too far .
were you two close ?
what a big pumpkin !
what a nice family !
what a pretty girl !
what a small world !
what a strange dog !
what a strange guy !
what a strange man !
what a strong wind !
what a total idiot !
what are the rules ?
what are these for ?
what are you doing ?
what color is this ?
what did she drink ?
what did they want ?
what did you drink ?
what did you learn ?
what did you watch ?
what did you write ?
what do tigers eat ?
what do you desire ?
what does tom need ?
what does she have ?
what does that say ?
what have you done ?
what if he's wrong ?
what is over there ?
what is she saying ?
what is the number ?
what is this place ?
what might that be ?
what month is this ?
what part is wrong ?
what should i wear ?
what station is it ?
what will you have ?
what will you make ?
what would he know ?
what'll it be like ?
what's in that box ?
what's in the file ?
what's it all mean ?
what's not to like ?
what's there to do ?
when can you start ?
when do owls sleep ?
when will it begin ?
when will you call ?
where are my books ?
where are the boys ?
where are the guns ?
where are the kids ?
where are we going ?
where are you from ?
where are you hurt ?
where did you live ?
where did you stay ?
where do they live ?
where do you write ?
where does he live ?
where does he work ?
where has she gone ?
where is it hidden ?
where is the beach ?
where is the hotel ?
where is your room ?
where should i sit ?
where should we go ?
where was tom born ?
where will we meet ?
which cap is yours ?
which cup is yours ?
which dog is yours ?
which hat is yours ?
which is your book ?
which team is ours ?
who allowed him in ?
who are those guys ?
who broke the vase ?
who can prevent it ?
who cares about me ?
who is that person ?
who is your friend ?
who is your lawyer ?
who is your mother ?
who listens to tom ?
who made this cake ?
who put that there ?
who would buy this ?
who wrote the book ?
who's at the wheel ?
whose beer is this ?
whose bike is this ?
whose book is that ?
whose book is this ?
whose friend is he ?
whose room is this ?
why are we running ?
why are you asking ?
why are you crying ?
why blame just tom ?
why can't you come ?
why didn't it work ?
why didn't you run ?
why does ice float ?
why don't you help ?
why don't you quit ?
why don't you sing ?
why is she sulking ?
why not use robots ?
why take that risk ?
why wait until now ?
why was tom killed ?
will it rain today ?
would he like that ?
would you buy that ?
would you like ice ?
would you like one ?
would you teach me ?
yeah , you're right .
you are very brave .
you are very smart .
you broke the rule .
you broke your arm .
you broke your leg .
you can study here .
you can trust them .
you can't back out .
you can't blame me .
you can't eat here .
you can't get both .
you can't go there .
you can't leave me .
you can't quit now .
you cannot do this .
you didn't warn me .
you don't scare me .
you freaked me out .
you guys look lost .
you guys wait here .
you have a message .
you have been busy .
you have cute eyes .
you have no choice .
you just need help .
you know i'm wrong .
you know the drill .
you look just fine .
you look very good .
you look very pale .
you made a promise .
you may be correct .
you might be right .
you might get hurt .
you might meet him .
you might try that .
you must all leave .
you must be joking !
you must be sleepy .
you must be strong .
you must find work .
you must get going .
you only live once .
you party too much .
you people are mad .
you ruined my life .
you seem very busy .
you should do that .
you should know it .
you speak too much .
you take the money .
you taught me that .
you taught us that .
you were my friend .
you were so strong .
you won't be fired .
you'll get over it .
you're a big softy .
you're a funny gal .
you're a funny guy .
you're a funny man .
you're a good liar .
you're a great guy .
you're a smart boy .
you're a weird kid .
you're a woman now .
you're lying to me .
you're not like me .
you're not my type .
you're on the list .
you're out of luck .
you're out of time .
you're such a jerk .
you're such a liar .
you've got a fever .
you've got to hide .
you've got to move .
you've got to wait .
your bath is ready .
your face is dirty .
your place or mine ?
a rose smells sweet .
acid acts on metals .
advice is like salt .
all sales are final .
all share the blame .
all swans are white .
am i disturbing you ?
anybody can do that .
anybody can read it .
anybody want a beer ?
anybody want a lift ?
are they all strong ?
are we just friends ?
are we leaving soon ?
are you a policeman ?
are you almost here ?
are you avoiding me ?
are you coming down ?
are you enjoying it ?
are you kids hungry ?
are you leaving now ?
are you on facebook ?
are you people lost ?
are you really sick ?
are you settling in ?
are you still awake ?
are you still happy ?
are you still there ?
are you that stupid ?
are you the manager ?
are you the prophet ?
baby ducks are cute .
bad habits die hard .
bring me my glasses .
bring me some water .
bunnies are so cute .
but i wasn't afraid .
can he speak french ?
can we believe that ?
can we recycle this ?
can we speak french ?
can you answer this ?
can you describe it ?
can you read arabic ?
can you really swim ?
chew your food well .
clear off the table .
come here right now .
cookie needs a walk .
could you sign here ?
did i embarrass you ?
did i forget anyone ?
did i miss anything ?
did i win something ?
did tom like boston ?
did anybody see you ?
did you buy flowers ?
did you hug anybody ?
did you like boston ?
did you lose weight ?
did you see anybody ?
do i detect sarcasm ?
do you drink coffee ?
do you enjoy losing ?
do you like english ?
do you like cooking ?
do you like dancing ?
do you like oysters ?
do you like singing ?
do you like writing ?
do you own research .
do you realize that ?
do you see anything ?
do you smoke cigars ?
do you speak french ?
do you study french ?
do you take plastic ?
do you trust anyone ?
do you wear glasses ?
does it even matter ?
does she play piano ?
does that seem wise ?
does your head hurt ?
does your wife know ?
don't act like that .
don't ask for money .
don't be a stranger .
don't climb on this !
don't drop that cup .
don't drop the soap .
don't get any ideas .
don't leave it open .
don't leave me here .
don't listen to her .
don't make it worse .
don't make me angry .
don't make me blush .
don't make me laugh !
don't make me leave .
don't obey that man .
don't open the door .
don't phone her now .
don't read my diary .
don't rock the boat .
don't say that word .
don't slam the door .
don't speak so fast .
don't stand near me .
don't take the bait .
don't talk about me .
don't tell your dad .
don't use that word .
don't wait too long .
don't work too hard !
don't you all agree ?
don't you feel cold ?
draw a small circle .
every seat was full .
everyone , follow me .
few people think so .
fish is cheap today .
freedom is not free .
get away from there .
get down from there .
get me the evidence .
get your clothes on .
give me two minutes .
go brush your teeth .
good luck with that .
grief drove her mad .
hand in your papers .
has tom calmed down ?
has tom noticed yet ?
has anyone seen tom ?
has he failed again ?
has he gone already ?
have a good weekend !
have a nice holiday .
have a nice weekend !
have a safe journey .
he abused our trust .
he accepted my idea .
he accepted the job .
he adopted her idea .
he averted his gaze .
he became a pianist .
he boarded the ship .
he bragged about it .
he burst into tears .
he can hardly speak .
he can't be trusted .
he changed his mind .
he chased the thief .
he comes from genoa .
he cooked me dinner .
he cured my illness .
he denied that fact .
he denied the rumor .
he did it willingly .
he did the opposite .
he didn't know that .
he doesn't know yet .
he drinks to excess .
he drives a ferrari .
he drives very fast .
he entered his room .
he entered the army .
he entered the room .
he feels very happy .
he felt very lonely .
he found his master .
he found my bicycle .
he greeted the lady .
he grows a mustache .
he had already gone .
he had just arrived .
he had no objection .
he has acted wisely .
he has big problems .
he has enough money .
he has left already .
he has little money .
he has many talents .
he has mutton chops .
he hates air travel .
he held her tightly .
he himself tried it .
he hoped to succeed .
he is always joking .
he is clever indeed .
he is not available .
he is not religious .
he is playing music .
he is playing there .
he is probably dead .
he is too sensitive .
he is very sociable .
he is very talented .
he jimmied the lock .
he kept his promise .
he kissed her again .
he knows the secret .
he likes air travel .
he lives by begging .
he lives by himself .
he lives in morocco .
he lives off campus .
he made a wisecrack .
he made no response .
he must be homesick .
he needed the money .
he never loses hope .
he never tells lies .
he opened the cages .
he parties too much .
he pushed me gently .
he reached his goal .
he remains sick bed .
he retired at sixty .
he saluted the lady .
he says it's urgent .
he shined his shoes .
he should have come .
he signed the check .
he stood by himself .
he stopped to smoke .
he traveled by boat .
he treated me badly .
he visited a friend .
he was a bookkeeper .
he was buried alive .
he was leaving then .
he was made captain .
he was very excited .
he was very nervous .
he was very patient .
he was very puzzled .
he will be punished .
he will defeat them .
he will regret this .
he won't be pleased .
he worked very hard .
he works long hours .
he wrote the report .
he'll never beat me .
he's a chain smoker .
he's a great kisser .
he's a late bloomer .
he's a little rusty .
he's a loose cannon .
he's a salesman too .
he's about to leave .
he's active and fit .
he's afraid of dogs .
he's an opera lover .
he's doing his best .
he's doing it right .
he's done it before .
he's got a headache .
he's in big trouble .
he's in his fifties .
he's in the kitchen .
he's known for that .
he's likely to come .
he's looking at you .
he's my best friend .
he's on sentry duty .
he's taller than me .
her bicycle is blue .
her cheeks were red .
her novel sold well .
her parents hate me .
her parents love me .
here is your change .
his bicycle is blue .
his dream came true .
his eyes failed him .
his heart is broken .
his novel sold well .
his parents hate me .
his parents love me .
his shoes are brown .
his sweater is gray .
his wife is swedish .
honesty is a virtue .
how i've missed you !
how about thai food ?
how are you feeling ?
how are you related ?
how did that happen ?
how did this happen ?
how is that helpful ?
how strange life is !
how was the concert ?
how was the reunion ?
how was the wedding ?
how was your summer ?
how will you manage ?
i accept your offer .
i accept your terms .
i admire his talent .
i almost kissed him .
i almost passed out .
i already said that .
i already sold that .
i always study hard .
i am an electrician .
i am eating noodles .
i am peeling apples .
i am very dangerous .
i answered the door .
i became a director .
i believe in ghosts .
i believe in myself .
i bet you're hungry .
i bought many books .
i called the police .
i can come tomorrow .
i can smell cookies .
i can speak chinese .
i can speak english .
i can survive alone .
i can't accept this .
i can't answer that .
i can't believe you .
i can't change that .
i can't do anything .
i can't fall asleep .
i can't forgive her .
i can't handle them .
i can't help anyone .
i can't help crying .
i can't help myself .
i can't identify it .
i can't ignore that .
i can't imagine why .
i can't protect you .
i can't read french .
i can't remember it .
i can't stand liars .
i can't stop myself .
i cannot excuse her .
i cannot follow you .
i cleared the table .
i come from america .
i come from england .
i come from holland .
i come from saitama .
i cooked him dinner .
i couldn't hear tom .
i cried all morning .
i decorated my room .
i did nothing wrong .
i did see something .
i did some checking .
i did some research .
i did something bad .
i didn't expect you .
i didn't invite tom .
i didn't see anyone .
i didn't sleep well .
i disagree with you .
i do not understand .
i do that sometimes .
i don't believe you .
i don't belong here .
i don't expect help .
i don't get nervous .
i don't have cancer .
i don't have change .
i don't have enough .
i don't know really .
i don't like apples .
i don't like coffee .
i don't like spring .
i don't like summer .
i don't really care .
i don't really know .
i don't remember it .
i don't want cereal .
i don't want dinner .
i dream every night .
i enjoy a challenge .
i enjoy his company .
i enjoyed this book .
i feel better today .
i feel empty inside .
i feel like dancing .
i feel like singing .
i feel like smiling .
i feel like waiting .
i feel like walking .
i feel really proud .
i feel very relaxed .
i felt very awkward .
i find swimming fun .
i finished the work .
i fix broken radios .
i folded the towels .
i forgot about that .
i forgot my glasses .
i forgot my manners .
i found tom's diary .
i got really hungry .
i guess i'm spoiled .
i had a premonition .
i had good teachers .
i had little choice .
i had some problems .
i hate being stupid .
i hate long flights .
i hate taking risks .
i hate these things .
i hate this uniform .
i have a dictionary .
i have another idea .
i have bad eyesight .
i have chapped lips .
i have enough money .
i have lucid dreams .
i have many talents .
i have no insurance .
i have no objection .
i have no opponents .
i have nothing else .
i have to apologize .
i have two brothers .
i have two children .
i haven't done that .
i haven't eaten yet .
i heard her singing .
i heard the message .
i heard them coming .
i highly doubt that .
i hope you'll agree .
i hope you're happy .
i hope you're right .
i hope you're wrong .
i hurt myself today .
i just cleaned this .
i just got promoted .
i just stayed quiet .
i just want answers .
i knew that already .
i know tom's sister .
i know her slightly .
i know these people .
i know what's right .
i know what's wrong .
i know you're right .
i know you're upset .
i know your brother .
i know your problem .
i left school early .
i like being single .
i like his attitude .
i like light colors .
i like playing golf .
i like taking walks .
i like these chairs .
i like wild flowers .
i like working here .
i like your article .
i like your cookies .
i locked myself out .
i love chinese food .
i love french films .
i love italian food .
i love this company .
i love your sweater .
i loved high school .
i met him yesterday .
i must do something .
i must work tonight .
i need it yesterday .
i need medical help .
i need some answers .
i need some hangers .
i never believed it .
i never drink alone .
i never go anywhere .
i never told anyone .
i never trusted tom .
i never wanted that .
i never wanted this .
i often catch colds .
i opened the drawer .
i opened the window .
i owe you something .
i own this property .
i pretended to work .
i promise i'll call .
i quickly ate lunch .
i rang the doorbell .
i really admire tom .
i really don't care .
i really don't know .
i really don't sing .
i really doubt that .
i really enjoyed it .
i really like china .
i really liked that .
i really missed you .
i received my bonus .
i regret doing that .
i remember all that .
i remember that guy .
i remember the word .
i returned to japan .
i reviewed the file .
i revised my theory .
i rewrote my report .
i run every morning .
i saw nobody around .
i saw you yesterday .
i second the motion .
i share his opinion .
i shouldn't be here .
i simply don't know .
i sleep standing up .
i study very little .
i suggest you leave .
i suppose that's ok .
i suppressed a yawn .
i talked to friends .
i think that's best .
i think that's fair .
i think that's wise .
i think you're cute .
i think you're nice .
i think you're nuts .
i took the medicine .
i unlocked the door .
i want another beer .
i want some answers .
i want to apologize .
i want to negotiate .
i want your opinion .
i was drinking milk .
i was eighteen then .
i was expecting you .
i was ill yesterday .
i was really scared .
i was so humiliated .
i wasn't even there .
i watched the movie .
i went into details .
i will study german .
i will wait outside .
i won't accept that .
i won't forget that .
i won't tell anyone .
i won't tolerate it .
i would've said yes .
i'd die without you .
i'd like some shoes .
i'd like some water .
i'll always be here .
i'll be leaving now .
i'll be right there .
i'll call back soon .
i'll call you later .
i'll come back soon .
i'll come right now .
i'll do my homework .
i'll drive tom home .
i'll eat after that .
i'll fix your wagon .
i'll have skim milk .
i'll join you later .
i'll kick your butt !
i'll make you happy .
i'll meet you there .
i'll need your help .
i'll see you around .
i'll show you later .
i'll take it inside .
i'll take you there .
i'll take your coat .
i'll think about it .
i'll wait till noon .
i'm a light sleeper .
i'm a little hungry .
i'm a married woman .
i'm a quick learner .
i'm a social worker .
i'm a stranger here .
i'm afraid of death .
i'm afraid of dying .
i'm an innocent man .
i'm at your service .
i'm bad at swimming .
i'm better than him .
i'm bored right now .
i'm broke and tired .
i'm certain of that .
i'm counting on you .
i'm crazy about you .
i'm drinking a beer .
i'm dying of thirst .
i'm eating an apple .
i'm going there now .
i'm going to prison .
i'm good at science .
i'm good at singing .
i'm happy with that .
i'm in my underwear .
i'm indebted to you .
i'm just not hungry .
i'm living my dream .
i'm more than happy .
i'm no longer tired .
i'm not a scientist .
i'm not blaming you .
i'm not busy either .
i'm not coming back .
i'm not eating this .
i'm not leaving you .
i'm not married yet .
i'm not really busy .
i'm not telling you .
i'm not that stupid !
i'm not the manager .
i'm not the problem .
i'm not very hungry .
i'm not your father .
i'm not your friend .
i'm only a customer .
i'm out of practice .
i'm proud of myself .
i'm really not busy .
i'm sad without you .
i'm short of breath .
i'm sick of english .
i'm still not ready .
i'm taller than you .
i'm tired of boston .
i'm tired of losing .
i'm trying to sleep .
i'm very busy today .
i'm very sleepy now .
i'm waiting my turn .
i'm writing a novel .
i'm your new lawyer .
i've got a question .
i've got my reasons .
i've got no worries .
i've lost my ticket .
i've lost my wallet .
i've made my choice .
i've promised to go .
i've tried them all .
is tom absent today ?
is tom still aboard ?
is anybody in there ?
is anyone else home ?
is college worth it ?
is he really coming ?
is it all necessary ?
is it getting worse ?
is it still raining ?
is my laundry ready ?
is that a challenge ?
is that our problem ?
is that really true ?
is that so terrible ?
is that thing yours ?
is that your mother ?
is that your sister ?
is the dog swimming ?
is the weather nice ?
is this a challenge ?
is this jasmine tea ?
is this radio yours ?
is this seat vacant ?
is this your family ?
is this your letter ?
is your father rich ?
is your mother here ?
it can be dangerous .
it can be difficult .
it cannot be helped .
it could be anybody .
it doesn't work yet .
it felt pretty good .
it happened in rome .
it happened so fast .
it is too expensive .
it makes me nervous .
it may rain tonight .
it never snows here .
it often rains here .
it often snows here .
it really bugged me .
it serves you right .
it snowed all night .
it tastes very good .
it took all evening .
it uses solar power .
it was almost funny .
it was fairly funny .
it was getting dark .
it was light enough .
it was rather funny .
it was really close .
it was really funny .
it was really weird .
it was very painful .
it was worth trying .
it was your mistake .
it wasn't a request .
it wasn't just luck .
it works like magic .
it would be perfect .
it'll be our secret .
it'll come in handy .
it'll rain for sure .
it's a dreary place .
it's a gorgeous day .
it's a huge mistake .
it's a little dated .
it's a little nasty .
it's a little scary .
it's a perfect trap .
it's a popular idea .
it's a real bargain .
it's a slippery one .
it's a world record .
it's all or nothing .
it's all your fault .
it's an inside joke .
it's an old picture .
it's an older model .
it's cold out there .
it's free of charge .
it's hard to choose .
it's his first time .
it's just a fantasy .
it's just a placebo .
it's just not right .
it's kind of boring .
it's neat and clean .
it's never too late .
it's non - refundable .
it's not about that .
it's not about them .
it's not cold today .
it's not my concern .
it's not real money .
it's not safe there .
it's not spring yet .
it's not the answer .
it's not worth much .
it's not your fault .
it's not your style .
it's old and clunky .
it's still in limbo .
it's stuffy in here .
it's time - consuming .
it's useless to try .
it's your lucky day .
it's your only shot .
just follow my lead .
just leave me alone .
just relax a moment .
keep your eyes open .
keep your gun handy .
leave out this word .
leave the door open .
let's check the map .
let's clean this up .
let's do the dishes .
let's have some fun .
let's keep in touch .
let's make it brief .
let's sit down here .
let's try this cake .
let's watch tv here .
life has just begun .
life is not perfect .
look at tom's shoes .
look at the picture .
look out the window .
look under the seat .
many people do this .
may i drink alcohol ?
may i eat something ?
may i interrupt you ?
may i say something ?
maybe i'll call you .
maybe tom is stupid .
maybe it wasn't tom .
maybe she is coming .
merlin was a wizard .
my answer is enough .
my aunt looks young .
my back still hurts .
my brother has died .
my camera is broken .
my cat loves catnip .
my cat loves shrimp .
my eyes are burning .
my eyes feel gritty .
my feet are swollen .
my friend helped me .
my gums are swollen .
my headache is gone .
my hobby is cooking .
my hobby is reading .
my legs are hurting .
my life is complete .
my mother called me .
my mother is active .
my nose is bleeding .
my phone rang again .
my sister is famous .
my sister is pretty .
my throat feels dry .
my trousers are wet .
my work is finished .
next person , please .
no one ate anything .
no one believed him .
no one believes him .
no one else laughed .
no one has anything .
no one likes losing .
no one really cares .
no one really knows .
no one saw anything .
no one supported me .
no one will survive .
no one would listen .
no one's allowed in .
no weapon was found .
nobody can hear you .
nobody cares for me .
nobody speaks to me .
nothing can stop me .
now eat your supper .
now what's the deal ?
old habits die hard .
only time will tell .
our allies are weak .
our team is winning .
our work never ends .
people like to talk .
people love to talk .
perhaps i was wrong .
please come on time .
please don't get up .
please have a drink .
please make the bed .
please show me that .
please take me home .
please wash my back .
pleased to meet you .
prices are going up .
pull the rope tight .
put on your pajamas .
put some clothes on .
put that in writing .
put your books away .
put your glasses on .
quote me an example .
she became a doctor .
she became a singer .
she became very ill .
she boiled the eggs .
she bowed in thanks .
she called for help .
she can't cook well .
she closed her eyes .
she cried all night .
she danced with joy .
she did pretty well .
she didn't like him .
she does look tired .
she drives me crazy .
she feels bad today .
she has few friends .
she has gone abroad .
she has lost weight .
she has no brothers .
she held her breath .
she is a chatterbox .
she is my classmate .
she kept on talking .
she kept on working .
she kicked the door .
she kissed my cheek .
she knows the truth .
she laced her shoes .
she listened to him .
she lit the candles .
she lives in london .
she locked the door .
she looks very sick .
she made me cookies .
she opened the door .
she played a sonata .
she pulled my shirt .
she ran to shinjuku .
she reserved a room .
she robbed me blind .
she rubbed her eyes .
she shaved her head .
she speaks too much .
she still buys milk .
she still loved him .
she still loves him .
she turned him down .
she went on working .
she went to ibaraki .
she won't like this .
she'll be just fine .
she's a born artist .
she's a dumb blonde .
she's a real gossip .
she's a real hottie .
she's a tough woman .
she's a true artist .
she's an only child .
she's my first love .
she's still a minor .
she's strong - willed .
she's wearing a hat .
should i be jealous ?
should i be worried ?
shouldn't we go now ?
show me some others .
show me the picture .
show me your papers !
show me your tattoo .
shut the door tight .
sign the guest book .
someday , we'll know .
sorry to bother you .
spring will be late .
stand on the scales .
stand where you are !
stay out of trouble .
stop being so naive .
stop calling me tom .
take off your shoes .
take off your socks .
thank you for today .
thank you very much .
thanks for the book .
thanks for the hint .
thanks for the info .
thanks for the meal .
thanks for the ride .
that book is theirs .
that can't be legal .
that comes in handy .
that costs 30 euros .
that day shall come .
that depends on you .
that doesn't add up .
that explains a lot .
that idea's not bad .
that is my overcoat .
that looks like fun .
that looks like tea .
that makes me happy .
that makes no sense .
that seemed to help .
that was months ago .
that was my mistake .
that was some storm .
that wasn't my idea .
that wasn't too bad .
that won't help you .
that would be funny .
that would be wrong .
that's a blue house .
that's a crazy idea .
that's a good brand .
that's a good guess .
that's a good point .
that's a good start .
that's a good story .
that's a good thing .
that's a great poem .
that's a huge organ .
that's a nice dress .
that's a nice story .
that's all i needed .
that's all i wanted .
that's all tom said .
that's all it takes .
that's all over now .
that's all there is .
that's all they had .
that's good to hear .
that's it for today .
that's just a guess .
that's kind of deep .
that's kind of rare .
that's kind of rude .
that's more like it .
that's my real name .
that's nice to know .
that's not a secret .
that's not an issue .
that's not my fault .
that's not my style .
that's not my thing .
that's not your job .
that's self - evident .
that's sort of nice .
that's sweet of you .
that's what i heard .
that's what i meant .
that's what i think .
that's what i wrote .
that's what we want .
that's where i work .
that's why i called .
that's why i'm here .
that's why i'm late .
the tv doesn't work .
the bell is ringing .
the bicycle is mine .
the blouse is clean .
the boat is sinking .
the car didn't move .
the cat is adorable .
the chair is broken .
the choice is yours .
the class went wild .
the clock is broken .
the coal is burning .
the concert is over .
the damage was done .
the dog followed me .
the dog is bleeding .
the dog is drooling .
the dog is sleeping .
the door is closing .
the door was closed .
the door was locked .
the door won't open .
the fire alarm rang .
the fish smells bad .
the food is spoiled .
the fridge is empty .
the garage is dusty .
the ground was cold .
the house is vacant .
the lake was frozen .
the law was changed .
the light faded out .
the lights went out .
the man is starving .
the monkey got away .
the moon is shining .
the news leaked out .
the path was narrow .
the people fear war .
the plan has failed .
the pond froze over .
the prices are high .
the radio is broken .
the reason is clear .
the room was locked .
the room was packed .
the server was down .
the sirens went off .
the sky turned dark .
the snow has melted .
the snow is melting .
the stakes are high .
the street is empty .
the traffic was bad .
the trees are green .
the view is amazing .
the water is rising .
the website is down .
the wind has abated .
the wind is howling .
the window was open .
the zipper is stuck .
their answer is yes .
there are no knives .
there is no problem .
there is no urgency .
there may be others .
there they go again .
there was no damage .
there's a book here .
there's a cat there .
there's no one here .
there's no one left .
these are bad times .
these are not words .
these are our books .
these are the rules .
these books are new .
these cars are ours .
they are my friends .
they are our guests .
they believe in god .
they came last week .
they can't fire you .
they can't hear you .
they can't hurt you .
they can't stop you .
they did not listen .
they didn't hurt me .
they died in battle .
they don't have one .
they don't know yet .
they don't like you .
they have a problem .
they have been busy .
they have few books .
they have no choice .
they know our plans .
they know the truth .
they know your name .
they live next door .
they lost their dog .
they love that song .
they love this song .
they need the money .
they ruined my life .
they sang in chorus .
they say she's sick .
they should be fine .
they were all there .
they're a good team .
they're about to go .
they're here for me .
they're kind of fun .
they're out of town .
this bird can't fly .
this can't be right .
this coffee is cold .
this costs too much .
this desk is broken .
this dog minds well .
this door is locked .
this drives me nuts .
this forum is great .
this is tom's grave .
this is a newspaper .
this is all rubbish .
this is her handbag .
this is just stupid .
this is my daughter .
this is my father's .
this is my notebook .
this is my painting .
this is my question .
this is my umbrella .
this is no accident .
this is not natural .
this is very useful .
this lady is indian .
this makes no sense .
this never gets old .
this novel bores me .
this screw is loose .
this sheet is light .
this table is clean .
this table is heavy .
this tooth is loose .
this winter is warm .
those were the days .
three weeks went by .
time is running out .
tom arrived on foot .
tom bolted the door .
tom borrowed my car .
tom came by himself .
tom can handle this .
tom can't even read .
tom can't help mary .
tom closed his eyes .
tom could stop this .
tom didn't say that .
tom doesn't help me .
tom doesn't like me .
tom doesn't like us .
tom doesn't love me .
tom doesn't need me .
tom drinks a little .
tom drinks too much .
tom drives too fast .
tom felt very tired .
tom gave up smoking .
tom has a pacemaker .
tom has calmed down .
tom has passed away .
tom hasn't met mary .
tom hates the rules .
tom heard the sound .
tom held his breath .
tom hit rock bottom .
tom is a biochemist .
tom is already here .
tom is always lying .
tom is an architect .
tom is clearly lost .
tom is having lunch .
tom is making faces .
tom is still inside .
tom is very unhappy .
tom isn't a student .
tom joined the army .
tom knows i'm right .
tom likes the ocean .
tom likes to travel .
tom lit the candles .
tom lives in boston .
tom lost his ticket .
tom lost his wallet .
tom makes big money .
tom misses his wife .
tom must be excited .
tom must've seen it .
tom never came back .
tom opened a window .
tom opened the safe .
tom ordered a drink .
tom plays the piano .
tom pointed at mary .
tom pulled the rope .
tom saw mary crying .
tom sealed the deal .
tom sealed the room .
tom sipped some tea .
tom sorted the mail .
tom speaks too fast .
tom stole my camera .
tom swims very fast .
tom tasted the wine .
tom took this photo .
tom waited his turn .
tom wants an answer .
tom was fast asleep .
tom was my cellmate .
tom was never happy .
tom wears silk ties .
tom will be jealous .
tom won first prize .
tom won the contest .
tom won three races .
tom works full time .
tom works with mary .
tom's eyes are blue .
try on this sweater .
turn around , please .
turn down the music .
turn off the lights .
turn the radio down .
turn your papers in .
war concerns us all .
was i polite enough ?
was i really boring ?
was it an explosion ?
was that a squirrel ?
was there a scandal ?
we all have arrived .
we all have changed .
we all have secrets .
we all like cycling .
we all want answers .
we all want changes .
we are good friends .
we are his children .
we are very similar .
we both are friends .
we both fell asleep .
we can't drink milk .
we can't forget tom .
we cannot afford it .
we caught the thief .
we couldn't do that .
we did it ourselves .
we got your message .
we grew up together .
we had little water .
we have enough data .
we have enough time .
we haven't found it .
we love our country .
we make great money .
we missed our train .
we must be cautious .
we must inform them .
we must leave early .
we must not retreat .
we need a volunteer .
we obeyed the rules .
we often play chess .
we regret his death .
we season with salt .
we should do better .
we should get going .
we want your advice .
we wanted to listen .
we were all shocked .
we were all worried .
we were both hungry .
we were eating eggs .
we were left behind .
we will defeat them .
we'll keep in touch .
we'll never make it .
we'll soon find out .
we're all done here .
we're all right now .
we're not giving up .
we're not going out .
we're not yet there .
we're out of coffee .
we're proud of that .
we're the good guys .
we're the same size .
we're tired of this .
we're trying to win .
welcome to our home .
welcome to the club .
were you born there ?
what a horrible man !
what a lazy teacher !
what a lovely dress !
what a pretty woman !
what are they doing ?
what are you called ?
what are you eating ?
what are you hiding ?
what are you saying ?
what could go wrong ?
what did that prove ?
what did you answer ?
what did you decide ?
what did you expect ?
what does he expect ?
what does it matter ?
what does that mean ?
what does this mean ?
what don't you have ?
what don't you like ?
what have you heard ?
what is for dessert ?
what is its purpose ?
what is popular now ?
what is this called ?
what is this letter ?
what is your number ?
what should i bring ?
what should we cook ?
what smells so good ?
what time is brunch ?
what time is dinner ?
what time is sunset ?
what was i thinking ?
what was that noise ?
what was that sound ?
what were you doing ?
what would tom need ?
what would you like ?
what're you good at ?
what's all that for ?
what's all the fuss ?
what's done is done .
what's got into you ?
what's it all about ?
what's it look like ?
what's it made from ?
what's new with you ?
what's the big deal ?
what's the big rush ?
what's the bus fare ?
what's the plan now ?
what's the time now ?
what's there to say ?
what's this key for ?
when did tom arrive ?
when did this occur ?
when did you arrive ?
when does it arrive ?
when is school over ?
when will it happen ?
when will we arrive ?
when will you leave ?
when will you start ?
where are my things ?
where are the forks ?
where are the shoes ?
where are you bound ?
where are you going ?
where could they be ?
where have you been ?
where is tom buried ?
where is her family ?
where is his family ?
where is the bridge ?
where is the market ?
where is the school ?
where is your house ?
where is your money ?
where was he headed ?
where were you born ?
where's the pan lid ?
which book is yours ?
which one is broken ?
which team will win ?
who am i addressing ?
who am i forgetting ?
who baked this cake ?
who believes in god ?
who broke the chair ?
who called the cops ?
who could forget it ?
who else helped you ?
who is your brother ?
who is your teacher ?
who owns this house ?
who should i inform ?
who wrote the bible ?
who's here with you ?
who's on duty today ?
who's that cute boy ?
who's that cute guy ?
who's this hot babe ?
whose idea was that ?
whose paper is this ?
whose phone is that ?
whose phone is this ?
why are we laughing ?
why are you cursing ?
why are you limping ?
why are you staying ?
why are you waiting ?
why didn't tom move ?
why didn't she come ?
why didn't you come ?
why don't you start ?
will he ever change ?
will you eat dinner ?
would tom like that ?
would you all relax ?
would you chill out ?
would you excuse me ?
would you follow me ?
would you like that ?
would you like this ?
yesterday i was ill .
you are my daughter .
you ate my sandwich .
you can't blame him .
you can't defeat me .
you can't deny that .
you can't handle it .
you can't have both .
you can't have this .
you can't help them .
you can't just quit .
you can't sit there .
you can't swim here .
you can't trust tom .
you can't wear that .
you could stop this .
you deserve a medal .
you don't know that .
you don't know them .
you don't look well .
you don't need luck .
you don't need that .
you don't want this .
you don't work here .
you guys having fun ?
you guys looked mad .
you have dirty feet .
you have many books .
you have some books .
you have three cars .
you just screwed up .
you look pale today .
you look very tired .
you lost an earring .
you may go anywhere .
you must be kidding !
you must study more .
you need a joystick .
you never asked why .
you passed the test .
you really annoy me .
you really are nuts .
you reek of alcohol .
you should eat more .
you should meet him .
you should thank me .
you sure are pretty .
you were both drunk .
you won't be harmed .
you won't die today .
you won't need that .
you'd better not go .
you'll be all right .
you'll catch a cold .
you'll give me away .
you're a funny girl .
you're all i've got .
you're all the same .
you're going to die .
you're grown up now .
you're kind of cute .
you're not a doctor .
you're not dead yet .
you're not that old .
you're not too late .
you're off the hook .
you're out of booze .
you're out of order .
you're out of sugar .
you're part of this .
you're still my son .
you're such a flirt .
you've gone too far .
your french is good .
your father is tall .
your feet are dirty .
your guess is wrong .
your hair is pretty .
your memory is good .
your order is ready .
your shoes are here .
your zipper is open .
yours is over there .
a piano is expensive .
acid eats into metal .
all men are brothers .
all that has changed .
all things must pass .
all this has changed .
am i under suspicion ?
another man has died .
any child knows that .
anyone could do that .
apples grow on trees .
are we starting soon ?
are you almost ready ?
are you eating lunch ?
are you feeling sick ?
are you following me ?
are you freaking out ?
are you free tonight ?
are you imitating me ?
are you leaving soon ?
are you mentally ill ?
are you still afraid ?
are you still around ?
are you still scared ?
are you still sleepy ?
are you talking shop ?
are you their mother ?
are you with someone ?
are your hands clean ?
baby teeth are sharp .
be proud of yourself .
both dogs are asleep .
boys are not welcome .
bring all your money .
bring me the kleenex .
but you're not there .
buy the full version .
call me this evening .
can i come backstage ?
can he speak english ?
can somebody help me ?
can that be achieved ?
can you deliver this ?
can you speak french ?
can't we start again ?
cats have nine lives .
cattle feed on grass .
clean up the kitchen .
clothes make the man .
come outside with me .
did i miss something ?
did anybody get hurt ?
did he say something ?
did we hit something ?
did we miss anything ?
did you behave today ?
did you foresee this ?
did you kill anybody ?
did you kiss anybody ?
did you tell anybody ?
did you volunteer us ?
didn't that seem odd ?
do whatever it takes .
do whatever you like .
do whatever you want .
do you carry weapons ?
do you drink alcohol ?
do you enjoy talking ?
do you know anything ?
do you like studying ?
do you need anything ?
do you speak chinese ?
do you speak english ?
do you study english ?
do you understand me ?
do you want anything ?
do you want children ?
do your homework now .
does anybody hear me ?
don't be so careless !
don't be so childish .
don't be so dramatic .
don't be so negative .
don't be so outraged .
don't be so reserved .
don't break my heart .
don't call him names .
don't change a thing .
don't close the door .
don't eat without me .
don't forget to vote .
don't get me started .
don't get so excited !
don't let him escape !
don't make me choose .
don't make me suffer .
don't open your book .
don't pick your nose .
don't play with fire .
don't pull my sleeve .
don't push your luck .
don't rely on others .
don't shut your eyes .
don't smoke too much .
don't spoil the mood .
don't talk like that .
don't talk to anyone .
don't think about it .
don't touch my stuff .
don't worry about it .
don't worry about me .
don't worry about us .
don't you believe me ?
draw a straight line .
dublin is in ireland .
everyone is doing it .
everyone is gone now .
everyone is here now .
everyone , say cheese .
extension 45 , please .
father isn't at home .
fold up your bedding .
give me your address .
go kiss someone else .
has tom become crazy ?
have i convinced you ?
have a great weekend .
have a nice vacation .
have you been abroad ?
have you betrayed me ?
have you finished it ?
have you lost weight ?
have you measured it ?
have you seen enough ?
he achieved his goal .
he always plays well .
he always works hard .
he arrived too early .
he attained his goal .
he became a catholic .
he breathed his last .
he cannot be trusted .
he caught three fish .
he clipped the sheep .
he comes from geneva .
he crossed the river .
he deals in hardware .
he devoured his meal .
he did nothing wrong .
he didn't fear death .
he didn't get caught .
he didn't look happy .
he doesn't get jokes .
he doesn't like eggs .
he doesn't like fish .
he doesn't tell lies .
he easily gets angry .
he emptied his glass .
he filed a complaint .
he fired three shots .
he got bored quickly .
he got his doctorate .
he had fifty dollars .
he has already begun .
he has good eyesight .
he has no conscience .
he has poor eyesight .
he has powerful arms .
he has rough manners .
he insulted our team .
he is always reading .
he is breathing hard .
he is getting better .
he is making cookies .
he is sadly mistaken .
he is still standing .
he is very depressed .
he is wearing gloves .
he is willing enough .
he isn't an american .
he knows many people .
he leaned towards me .
he likes watching tv .
he lives in nagasaki .
he looked very happy .
he looked very tired .
he looks very sleepy .
he lost his eyesight .
he managed to escape .
he married my cousin .
he married my sister .
he missed his flight .
he misses his father .
he needs an umbrella .
he never looked back .
he never told anyone .
he often plays piano .
he ordered us steaks .
he owns a dishwasher .
he raised a question .
he ran outside naked .
he rarely went there .
he removed his shirt .
he returned to japan .
he screamed for help .
he seems quite happy .
he seems very sleepy .
he seldom gets angry .
he seldom went there .
he spoke about peace .
he studied very hard .
he studies very hard .
he suddenly fell ill .
he survived his wife .
he talked to himself .
he tore his ligament .
he trained very hard .
he turned the corner .
he wanted to succeed .
he wants red glasses .
he was elected mayor .
he was fully clothed .
he was not impressed .
he was sitting there .
he wasn't even there .
he went duck hunting .
he would not approve .
he's a bad influence .
he's a computer nerd .
he's a control freak .
he's a famous artist .
he's a hopeless case .
he's a nervous wreck .
he's a smooth talker .
he's a tennis player .
he's afraid to dance .
he's crazy about her .
he's eight years old .
he's got lung cancer .
he's greedy and lazy .
he's in grave danger .
he's mad at everyone .
he's missed the boat .
he's offered to help .
he's out of position .
he's out of practice .
he's smarter than me .
he's taking a shower .
he's the class clown .
he's under the chair .
her daughter is sick .
her name was unknown .
here are the tickets .
here comes the train .
here's a yellow rose .
his blood is boiling .
his book inspired me .
his daughter is sick .
his face turned pale .
his feet were asleep .
his hands feel rough .
his memory amazes me .
his nose is bleeding .
his parents loved me .
his teeth were white .
how about your place ?
how are things going ?
how are your parents ?
how beautiful she is !
how is that possible ?
how is this possible ?
how is this relevant ?
how is your daughter ?
how many people died ?
how should i respond ?
how was school today ?
how was your holiday ?
how was your meeting ?
how was your weekend ?
how's the water here ?
how's your boy doing ?
how's your day going ?
how's your kid doing ?
human life is sacred .
i abandoned my plans .
i admire her efforts .
i admire your talent .
i almost believe you .
i already called him .
i also like painting .
i always believe you .
i always feel hungry .
i always feel sleepy .
i am drinking coffee .
i am getting dressed .
i am terribly hungry .
i am weighing myself .
i apologize for that .
i apologize for this .
i baked some cookies .
i believe that story .
i bought an umbrella .
i broke your ashtray .
i burst out laughing .
i can hardly breathe .
i can hear something .
i can't believe that .
i can't believe this .
i can't come tonight .
i can't confirm that .
i can't confirm this .
i can't dance either .
i can't get involved .
i can't imagine that .
i can't see anything .
i can't speak french .
i can't speak german .
i can't stop smoking .
i can't stop writing .
i can't take chances .
i can't wait forever .
i cannot read french .
i caused an accident .
i closed my umbrella .
i could barely speak .
i could've done that .
i couldn't care less .
i couldn't finish it .
i crossed the street .
i cut myself shaving .
i daydreamed all day .
i did find something .
i did that yesterday .
i didn't do anything .
i didn't fall asleep .
i didn't kill anyone .
i didn't see anybody .
i didn't tell anyone .
i do appreciate that .
i don't believe that .
i don't believe this .
i don't care anymore .
i don't deserve this .
i don't drink coffee .
i don't enjoy tennis .
i don't hear barking .
i don't hold grudges .
i don't know english .
i don't know russian .
i don't know exactly .
i don't like doctors .
i don't like silence .
i don't like spiders .
i don't like waiting .
i don't like writing .
i don't mind helping .
i don't mind waiting .
i don't see anything .
i don't speak french .
i don't speak german .
i don't trust anyone .
i dropped my earring .
i enjoy working here .
i enjoy your company .
i feel like vomiting .
i feel really stupid .
i feel very betrayed .
i followed the rules .
i forgot his address .
i forgot my password .
i found an apartment .
i found the building .
i guess that's right .
i guess you're right .
i had an inspiration .
i had no alternative .
i hate hospital food .
i hate long goodbyes .
i hate silent movies .
i have a reservation .
i have a stomachache .
i have an invitation .
i have back problems .
i have bleeding gums .
i have bottled water .
i have gained weight .
i have good eyesight .
i have misjudged you .
i have no experience .
i have no statistics .
i have poor eyesight .
i have thirteen cats .
i have three cameras .
i have three cousins .
i have three sisters .
i have three tickets .
i have two daughters .
i haven't had dinner .
i heard the question .
i hope you're hungry .
i hugged her tightly .
i keep thirteen cats .
i know sign language .
i know the gentleman .
i know you're scared .
i know your roommate .
i leave this evening .
i like japanese food .
i like canned fruits .
i like coffee better .
i like reading books .
i like your attitude .
i like your earrings .
i like your necklace .
i like your painting .
i liked your dancing .
i liked your friends .
i lost my flashlight .
i lost my sunglasses .
i lost that argument .
i love american food .
i love french movies .
i love beach parties .
i love fried bananas .
i love reading books .
i love your daughter .
i made that decision .
i major in economics .
i mean no disrespect .
i memorized the poem .
i met mary yesterday .
i nearly blacked out .
i need another drink .
i need more blankets .
i never liked school .
i parked around back .
i pleaded not guilty .
i ran like lightning .
i really didn't care .
i really like garlic .
i really wasn't sure .
i received your note .
i rechecked the data .
i regret going there .
i regret kissing you .
i regret saying that .
i rejected the offer .
i remember this poem .
i remember this word .
i saw you snickering .
i see no alternative .
i should've told you .
i shower every night .
i sincerely hope not .
i sometimes watch tv .
i sort of understand .
i started this topic .
i studied last night .
i suddenly feel sick .
i swallowed my pride .
i talked about music .
i think i understand .
i think i understood .
i think it's awesome .
i think it's obvious .
i think that's awful .
i think you panicked .
i think you're drunk .
i think you're funny .
i think you're lying .
i think you're ready .
i think you're right .
i think you're wrong .
i thought you'd left .
i touched the bottom .
i traveled by myself .
i trusted my teacher .
i waited three hours .
i want some potatoes .
i wanted to remember .
i was busy yesterday .
i was playing tennis .
i was pretty relaxed .
i was really curious .
i was somewhere else .
i was very confident .
i was very flattered .
i was very reluctant .
i wasn't fast enough .
i wasn't good enough .
i wish you happiness .
i won't say anything .
i won't tell anybody .
i'll admit i'm wrong .
i'll be back tonight .
i'll be very careful .
i'll be watching you .
i'll be your teacher .
i'll come back later .
i'll dream about you .
i'll eat standing up .
i'll finish it later .
i'll handle the rest .
i'll keep my promise .
i'll keep you posted .
i'll leave tom alone .
i'll live on welfare .
i'll make some calls .
i'll never come back .
i'll never leave you .
i'll paint the house .
i'll phone you later .
i'll wash the dishes .
i'm a french citizen .
i'm a windows person .
i'm a complete idiot .
i'm a natural blonde .
i'm afraid of flying .
i'm against the bill .
i'm allergic to cats .
i'm allergic to corn .
i'm allergic to dogs .
i'm at your disposal .
i'm attracted to him .
i'm back in business .
i'm calling for help .
i'm calling the cops .
i'm closing the door .
i'm depending on you .
i'm doing the dishes .
i'm expecting a call .
i'm feeling fine now .
i'm friends with him .
i'm glad you're here .
i'm going to college .
i'm good at japanese .
i'm hardly ever home .
i'm here every night .
i'm hitting the road .
i'm just another man .
i'm just helping out .
i'm just watching tv .
i'm listening to you .
i'm looking for work .
i'm making a snowman .
i'm no longer hungry .
i'm no longer sleepy .
i'm not a vegetarian .
i'm not an alcoholic .
i'm not avoiding you .
i'm not busy anymore .
i'm not denying that .
i'm not exactly sure .
i'm not feeling well .
i'm not finished yet .
i'm not ignoring you .
i'm not marrying you .
i'm not quitting now .
i'm not really angry .
i'm not running away .
i'm not sitting here .
i'm not so convinced .
i'm not staying here .
i'm not stopping you .
i'm not sure anymore .
i'm not taking sides .
i'm not that cynical .
i'm not that worried .
i'm not turning back .
i'm not very patient .
i'm not wearing this .
i'm not your brother .
i'm not your servant .
i'm not your teacher .
i'm often in trouble .
i'm right behind him .
i'm right behind you .
i'm right beside you .
i'm shorter than him .
i'm shorter than you .
i'm sick of fighting .
i'm smarter than you .
i'm staying with you .
i'm sure they'll win .
i'm terrible at math .
i'm tired of arguing .
i'm tired of dancing .
i'm tired of waiting .
i'm tired of writing .
i'm very lonely here .
i'm watching a movie .
i'm worried about it .
i'm writing a letter .
i'm your best friend .
i'm your biggest fan .
i've already read it .
i've already said no .
i've been there once .
i've brought it back .
i've enjoyed my stay .
i've got a pacemaker .
i've got a toothache .
i've heard about you .
i've heard it before .
i've heard the rumor .
i've learned to cook .
i've lost my dignity .
i've lost my filling .
i've lost my glasses .
i've made a decision .
i've nothing to give .
i've received it too .
i've told the police .
i've won first prize !
i've worked with tom .
is tom still playing ?
is anyone else going ?
is his pulse regular ?
is it difficult work ?
is my answer correct ?
is that another joke ?
is that your bicycle ?
is there a timetable ?
is there anyone else ?
is there anyone here ?
is this a compliment ?
is this enough money ?
is this good english ?
is this pencil yours ?
is this your bicycle ?
is this your opinion ?
is your trunk locked ?
isn't that tom's hat ?
it feels really good .
it is already eleven .
it is hardly raining .
it looks really good .
it may rain tomorrow .
it no longer matters .
it really did happen .
it seems safe enough .
it tastes just right .
it was awfully funny .
it went off smoothly .
it's a beautiful day !
it's a beautiful job .
it's a complete sham .
it's a dead giveaway .
it's a good question .
it's a monster storm .
it's a small problem .
it's against the law .
it's all about money .
it's all custom made .
it's all so hopeless .
it's all very simple .
it's an easy victory .
it's an extreme case .
it's easier this way .
it's hard to believe .
it's made of leather .
it's noisy next door .
it's not a classroom .
it's not about money .
it's not always easy .
it's not evening yet .
it's not good enough .
it's not my birthday .
it's not my business .
it's not raining yet .
it's not their fault .
it's older than that .
it's only a painting .
it's over between us .
it's right above you .
it's right next door .
it's sort of strange .
it's still not ready .
it's still not right .
it's still too early .
it's time for dinner .
it's time for school .
it's too late anyway .
it's what he painted .
italy is a peninsula .
just close your eyes .
keep the door closed .
keep the door locked .
keep the kids inside .
keep your nose clean .
leave my stuff alone .
let me try something .
let's clean our room .
let's discuss it now .
let's face the facts !
let's finish the job .
let's get some sleep .
let's hope she comes .
let's meet on sunday .
let's not be enemies .
let's not waste time .
let's take a picture .
let's take our seats .
let's try once again .
lies beget more lies .
life seems so unfair .
lincoln died in 1865 .
look at that picture .
look at this picture .
look before you leap .
look forward , please .
love is blinding you .
love knows no limits .
many lives were lost .
many trees fell down .
mary hugged her doll .
mary is tom's cousin .
mary is tom's mother .
maybe i deserve this .
maybe i'm just crazy .
maybe he's not young .
maybe it was obvious .
maybe she won't come .
maybe we should pray .
maybe we should talk .
maybe you were right .
meeting boys is hard .
milk makes us strong .
most people think so .
my apartment is near .
my brother is stupid .
my car needs washing .
my eyes are watering .
my eyes keep burning .
my father grows rice .
my father isn't home .
my father works here .
my foot really hurts .
my head really aches .
my headache has gone .
my hobby is shopping .
my house burned down .
my mother can't come .
my mother cooks well .
my mother was crying .
my parents are crazy .
my plan was rejected .
my sister is married .
my son loves rockets .
my sons are soldiers .
my study is upstairs .
my turn finally came .
my watch is accurate .
no man escapes death .
no one escaped alive .
no one is downstairs .
no one is expendable .
no one is unbeatable .
no one said anything .
no one's judging you .
no one's watching me .
nobody owns the moon .
nobody saw it coming .
nobody spoke with me .
nobody wants to work .
nobody will help you .
not much has changed .
nothing i did helped .
nothing can stop him .
open your mouth wide .
our dog seldom bites .
our dreams came true .
our marriage is over .
perhaps he will come .
play that song again .
playing cards is fun .
please air the futon .
please come this way .
please deal the card .
please do it quickly .
please don't be late .
please don't go away .
please don't go home .
please don't hang up .
please don't hurt me .
please eat some cake .
please insert a coin .
please keep in touch .
please lock the safe .
please open the door .
please open your bag .
please pull the rope .
please read after me .
please save my place .
please think it over .
please wait a moment .
please write it down .
press the bell twice .
price isn't an issue .
put away your wallet .
put down your pencil .
put the scalpel down .
quit wasting my time .
raise your left hand .
roll down the window .
see you all tomorrow .
shake hands with him .
she always buys milk .
she bought a chicken .
she broke into tears .
she burst into tears .
she can hardly speak .
she can speak french .
she did it carefully .
she drives very fast .
she failed to appear .
she felt like crying .
she grabbed a shower .
she has ten children .
she ironed her shirt .
she is living abroad .
she is making dinner .
she is my girlfriend .
she is skipping rope .
she isn't lonely now .
she likes these cats .
she likes word games .
she lives in comfort .
she looks very happy .
she looks very young .
she married a sailor .
she mended her socks .
she moved my clothes .
she often comes late .
she plays the guitar .
she raised her hands .
she raised her voice .
she sang pretty well .
she served me coffee .
she slapped his face .
she stole my clothes !
she wanted to travel .
she was very excited .
she went on speaking .
she won't be pleased .
she's a belly dancer .
she's a quiet person .
she's an honest girl .
she's eating for two .
she's going to ooita .
she's good at tennis .
she's got more books .
she's older than tom .
she's older than him .
she's scared of dogs .
should we be worried ?
shouldn't we ask tom ?
show me some respect .
show us the solution .
size does not matter .
smog hung over tokyo .
snow covered the bus .
so much is happening .
some people are evil .
someone cut the rope .
someone might see us .
someone stole my bag .
someone told me that .
soon it'll be winter .
sorry about the mess .
sorry for being late .
spare me the details .
speak louder , please .
speak slowly , please .
stay a little longer .
stop hitting the cat !
stop pulling my hair !
take the garbage out .
take this table away .
thank you for coming .
thank you in advance .
thanks for having me .
thanks for saving me .
thanks for the drink .
thanks for your help .
that can't be denied .
that can't be helped .
that could take days .
that could've hit me .
that door won't open .
that feels very nice .
that hat becomes you .
that house is famous .
that isn't tom's car .
that meat is chicken .
that narrows it down .
that one's all yours .
that stuff is poison .
that was no accident .
that was really nice .
that will not change .
that woman is strong .
that would be unfair .
that's a bit extreme .
that's a blatant lie .
that's a bright idea .
that's a cheap store .
that's a clever idea .
that's a good excuse .
that's a good reason .
that's a good school .
that's a huge relief .
that's a lame excuse .
that's a pretty girl .
that's a pretty name .
that's a stupid idea .
that's a stupid name .
that's a stupid rule .
that's a wise choice .
that's a woman's job .
that's all for today .
that's all she wrote .
that's all there was .
that's all we needed .
that's enough for me .
that's kind of vague .
that's my best guess .
that's not an answer .
that's not an option .
that's not our fault .
that's not the issue .
that's not the point .
that's not very good .
that's not very nice .
that's our best hope .
that's quite a story .
that's the main gate .
that's what i wanted .
that's what i'd want .
that's what she said .
the baby fell asleep .
the baby is crawling .
the baby is sleeping .
the basket was empty .
the bathtub is dirty .
the beer's very cold .
the boy came running .
the boy stayed quiet .
the boys are excited .
the boys are thirsty .
the boys worked hard .
the bridge is closed .
the clock is ticking .
the clock struck ten .
the curse was broken .
the dog is beautiful .
the dog looks hungry .
the door won't close .
the food is terrible .
the ground seems wet .
the heater is broken .
the horse is thirsty .
the house is haunted .
the house was ablaze .
the house went cheap .
the light bulb burst .
the lights aren't on .
the mail has arrived .
the men followed him .
the milk turned sour .
the monkey came down .
the old system works .
the pie is delicious .
the place was packed .
the plates are dirty .
the pleasure is mine .
the problem is worse .
the proof is trivial .
the reason is simple .
the roads were empty .
the rumors were true .
the school is closed .
the shotgun went off .
the shower is broken .
the soul is immortal .
the speaker is young .
the stakes were high .
the students like it .
the taxi has arrived .
the tiger was killed .
the towels are dirty .
the water pipe burst .
the wind calmed down .
the wind was howling .
the windows are open .
their feet are dirty .
there are books here .
there are many rooms .
there is another way .
there is no antidote .
there is no solution .
there isn't any hope .
there was no warning .
there were no knives .
there were two cakes .
there's a car coming .
there's no food left .
there's no harm done .
there's no more salt .
there's no more time .
there's no wind here .
there's not a chance .
these apples are big .
these aren't my keys .
these books are mine .
these books are ours .
these logs are heavy .
these plums are ripe .
these shoes are hers .
they all have drinks .
they are good people .
they are not sisters .
they are running now .
they began this year .
they cannot be saved .
they didn't ask that .
they formed a circle .
they grow fruit here .
they had an argument .
they handled it well .
they have black hair .
they know we're cops .
they know we're here .
they left without me .
they love their kids .
they opened the door .
they robbed me blind .
they should have one .
they should thank me .
they stopped to talk .
they tried to escape .
they want more space .
they were all scared .
they were both drunk .
they were not amused .
they won't wait long .
they'll be all right .
they'll be back soon .
they'll have a blast .
they'll have to wait .
they'll take me away .
they're able to sing .
they're afraid of me .
they're afraid of us .
they're all in there .
they're all the same .
they're going to try .
they're hard to find .
they're just for you .
they're not a threat .
they're not all busy .
they're not here yet .
they're not home yet .
they're not my rules .
they've lost so much .
think of your family .
think of your future .
this bed looks solid .
this bicycle is mine .
this bird cannot fly .
this book is smaller .
this breaks my heart .
this button is loose .
this camera is tom's .
this camera is cheap .
this car won't start .
this chair is broken .
this diamond is fake .
this feels like silk .
this fish smells bad .
this handbag is mine .
this house is creepy .
this house is famous .
this is chinese food .
this is tom's locker .
this is child's play .
this is mind blowing .
this is my brother's .
this job doesn't pay .
this laptop is light .
this meat is chicken .
this meat smells bad .
this milk tastes odd .
this must be changed .
this needs to change .
this novel is boring .
this one is prettier .
this one's all yours .
this place is creepy .
this sweater is warm .
this tastes like tea .
this tea smells good .
this tea smells nice .
this video is boring .
this wall feels cold .
this won't take long .
this wood won't burn .
those apples are big .
those books are mine .
those houses are big .
today didn't go well .
today is my birthday .
tom accepted the job .
tom and mary laughed .
tom borrowed my bike .
tom can speak french .
tom changed his diet .
tom checked the date .
tom couldn't find it .
tom denied any guilt .
tom didn't know mary .
tom didn't like mary .
tom doesn't trust us .
tom forgot to salute .
tom found my bicycle .
tom grabbed his coat .
tom has a girlfriend .
tom has enough money .
tom has no insurance .
tom hasn't called me .
tom hated his mother .
tom hates raw onions .
tom heard some shots .
tom hoped to succeed .
tom is a businessman .
tom is always joking .
tom is chopping wood .
tom is getting bored .
tom is grilling meat .
tom is heavily armed .
tom is not religious .
tom is really clever .
tom is still outside .
tom is the strongest .
tom is there already .
tom is very gullible .
tom is very handsome .
tom is very stubborn .
tom is watching golf .
tom isn't my brother .
tom isn't very funny .
tom joined our group .
tom just got married .
tom knows a shortcut .
tom knows he's right .
tom looks very happy .
tom lost his balance .
tom lost his friends .
tom lost his hearing .
tom missed the train .
tom never got better .
tom never got caught .
tom never wears pink .
tom often comes here .
tom often cuts class .
tom often helps mary .
tom peeled the apple .
tom reloaded his gun .
tom removed his coat .
tom rinsed his mouth .
tom should know that .
tom still loves mary .
tom thanked the chef .
tom took another sip .
tom wanted a divorce .
tom was a competitor .
tom was very patient .
tom won't believe it .
tom won't come today .
tom worries too much .
tom would be jealous .
tom wouldn't say yes .
tom writes very well .
tom wrote the report .
tom's feet were cold .
tom's leg is healing .
tom's making his bed .
tonight is the night .
try to act naturally .
turn down the volume .
turn on the ignition .
wait a little longer .
was anybody in there ?
was anybody with you ?
was there an autopsy ?
wash your hands well .
we all make mistakes .
we all speak english .
we are boiling water .
we baked it together .
we can't afford that .
we can't afford this .
we can't tell anyone .
we did nothing wrong .
we elected her mayor .
we elected him mayor .
we expect rain today .
we have an agreement .
we have been friends .
we have enough money .
we have enough water .
we have two children .
we hugged each other .
we kissed each other .
we know our problems .
we met last thursday .
we miss tom terribly .
we must abandon ship .
we must do something .
we need your support .
we really are hungry .
we really don't know .
we want to negotiate .
we were going steady .
we were just playing .
we were very careful .
we were very excited .
we were younger then .
we won't forgive you .
we'll be eating soon .
we'll do it together .
we'll do it tomorrow .
we're all going home .
we're going in first .
we're going to begin .
we're going to fight .
we're having a blast .
we're in a recession .
we're not being sued .
we're not going home .
we're not that close .
we're not your enemy .
we're out of bullets .
we're out of options .
we're ready for this .
we're still not sure .
we're your last hope .
we've all been there .
we've got each other .
were you with anyone ?
what a nice surprise !
what a perfect night !
what a selfish woman !
what a strange story !
what a strange woman !
what about your wife ?
what an awful mother !
what are friends for ?
what are our chances ?
what are you cooking ?
what are you reading ?
what are you wearing ?
what are you writing ?
what are your duties ?
what are your orders ?
what brings you here ?
what could be easier ?
what did they expect ?
what do you remember ?
what does it contain ?
what does it involve ?
what does that prove ?
what exactly is that ?
what exactly is this ?
what happened to you ?
what if you're wrong ?
what is his business ?
what is today's date ?
what is your problem ?
what keeps you going ?
what makes you happy ?
what makes you smile ?
what time is sunrise ?
what was the outcome ?
what was the problem ?
what's tom afraid of ?
what's all the hurry ?
what's going on here ?
what's in the bottle ?
what's in the bucket ?
what's it smell like ?
what's it sound like ?
what's the big hurry ?
what's the deal here ?
what's the next stop ?
what's wrong with it ?
when did that happen ?
when does that start ?
when was it finished ?
when will that occur ?
when will you arrive ?
when will you return ?
where are tom's keys ?
where are my clothes ?
where are my glasses ?
where are my parents ?
where are the apples ?
where are the dishes ?
where are the guards ?
where are the knives ?
where are the meters ?
where are the others ?
where are they going ?
where are we exactly ?
where are you headed ?
where are you living ?
where have they gone ?
where is he standing ?
where is the library ?
where is the mistake ?
where is the problem ?
where is the station ?
where is your father ?
where is your school ?
where is your sister ?
where shall we begin ?
where should we hide ?
where's the mail box ?
which book is better ?
which is your guitar ?
which is your target ?
who are these people ?
who are those people ?
who are your parents ?
who broke the window ?
who coaches the team ?
who deleted the file ?
who doesn't think so ?
who gave the command ?
who invited you guys ?
who invited you here ?
who planted the tree ?
who should i believe ?
who took the picture ?
who unplugged the tv ?
who was sitting here ?
who wrote the letter ?
who's tom looking at ?
who's coming with me ?
who's going to drive ?
who's ready for more ?
who's ready to order ?
whose camera is this ?
whose friend are you ?
whose guitar is this ?
whose office is this ?
whose pencil is this ?
why are you bleeding ?
why are you studying ?
why aren't you ready ?
why bother fixing it ?
why do stars twinkle ?
why don't you answer ?
why don't you listen ?
why haven't we begun ?
why wasn't tom there ?
why's tom still here ?
will it snow tonight ?
will surgery help it ?
will the police come ?
wipe your face clean .
would you step aside ?
write down each word .
write your full name .
you are a workaholic .
you are new students .
you are not japanese .
you are under arrest .
you are welcome here .
you aren't my mother .
you can't be serious .
you can't change tom .
you can't control me .
you can't go outside .
you can't prove that .
you can't smoke here .
you cannot swim here .
you crossed the line .
you don't impress me .
you forgot your coat .
you have been warned .
you have betrayed us .
you have no evidence .
you have no messages .
you have our respect .
you hurt my feelings .
you killed my father .
you killed my mother .
you look happy today .
you look really good .
you look so handsome .
you made it possible .
you might be correct .
you must be cautious .
you must be starving .
you owe me something .
you said it yourself .
you seem happy today .
you should not sleep .
you should stop that .
you should thank him .
you should work hard .
you talk really fast .
you touched my heart .
you were great today .
you will regret this .
you won't believe it .
you won't need those .
you'd better come in .
you'd better go home .
you'll be in trouble .
you'll get over this .
you'll have to drive .
you're german , right ?
you're a filthy liar !
you're a little late .
you're a little liar .
you're a total wreck .
you're a true friend .
you're double - parked .
you're going to lose .
you're going too far .
you're just a coward .
you're never at home .
you're not a suspect .
you're not in charge .
you're not my friend .
you're not my mother .
you're not safe here .
you're not the first .
you're not very good .
you're not very tidy .
you're putting me on .
you're such an idiot !
you've got my helmet .
your answer is right .
your answer is wrong .
your mother loves me .
your nose is running .
your pulse is normal .
a guard's been killed .
afghanistan is at war .
all lawyers are liars .
always arrive on time .
am i that transparent ?
anybody could do this .
anything will be fine .
are there any bananas ?
are these your things ?
are things going well ?
are those my earrings ?
are we disturbing you ?
are you being serious ?
are you dating anyone ?
are you enjoying this ?
are you free tomorrow ?
are you getting tired ?
are you having dinner ?
are you hurt anywhere ?
are you losing weight ?
are you seeing anyone ?
are you seriously ill ?
are you still jealous ?
are you still married ?
are you working today ?
are your parents home ?
autumn is almost here .
bad news travels fast .
be polite to everyone .
bears can climb trees .
believe what you want .
birds have sharp eyes .
both men were rescued .
bring your student id !
can tom come tomorrow ?
can he speak japanese ?
can somebody get that ?
can you hear anything ?
can you identify them ?
can you speak english ?
can you write braille ?
can't we discuss this ?
can't you move faster ?
cats don't like water .
children need to play .
close all the windows .
close your eyes again .
come downtown with us .
come home before dark .
cotton sucks up water .
could we discuss this ?
could you repeat that ?
did somebody get hurt ?
did you find anything ?
did you hurt yourself ?
did you question them ?
did you recognize tom ?
did you say something ?
did you telephone him ?
did you understand me ?
didn't i mention that ?
do i look presentable ?
do they learn english ?
do turtles have teeth ?
do you enjoy studying ?
do you fly frequently ?
do you like anchovies ?
do you like surprises ?
do you recognize them ?
do you speak japanese ?
do you understand her ?
do you use aftershave ?
do you want something ?
does anybody know him ?
does anyone feel sick ?
does he speak english ?
does it hurt anywhere ?
does it really matter ?
does she like oranges ?
does she speak french ?
does that satisfy you ?
does that trouble you ?
does that window open ?
dogs often bury bones .
don't be so impatient .
don't bite your nails .
don't blame the guide .
don't burst my bubble .
don't call me anymore .
don't call the police .
don't close your eyes .
don't come any closer .
don't confuse the two .
don't cut your finger .
don't drink and drive .
don't drink the water .
don't eat the oysters .
don't expect too much .
don't forget about me .
don't forget about us !
don't forget to floss .
don't forget your bag .
don't get too excited .
don't give up halfway .
don't keep me waiting .
don't leave me behind !
don't look so shocked .
don't lose your purse .
don't open the window .
don't open your books .
don't open your mouth .
don't read my journal .
don't respond to that .
don't say such things .
don't stand too close .
don't swear in public .
don't throw that away .
don't touch my camera .
don't touch that dial .
don't touch the glass .
don't touch the stove .
don't try my patience .
don't waste your time .
don't you feel guilty ?
don't you play tennis ?
don't you remember us ?
drinking was his ruin .
eat whatever you like .
everyone was doing it .
fasten your seat belt .
food will be included .
fortune smiled on him .
get me another lawyer .
go through the market .
go with your instinct .
god created the world .
god made the universe .
god , you're beautiful .
had you been drinking ?
has tom been arrested ?
have a good christmas .
have a little dignity .
have something to eat .
have they arrived yet ?
have they spotted you ?
have you been smoking ?
have you confirmed it ?
have you finished yet ?
have you told anybody ?
have yourself a drink .
haven't we met before ?
haven't you eaten yet ?
he abandoned all hope .
he accepted our offer .
he admitted his guilt .
he adopted the orphan .
he also speaks french .
he avenged his father .
he became a policeman .
he came several times .
he can leave tomorrow .
he cannot play guitar .
he certainly is smart .
he cleared his throat .
he comes from england .
he continued doing it .
he could speak french .
he crossed the street .
he deals in furniture .
he defeated his enemy .
he delivered a speech .
he deserves the prize .
he didn't like school .
he died from overwork .
he doesn't look happy .
he finally made money .
he has absolute power .
he has three children .
he hasn't arrived yet .
he himself went there .
he ignored her advice .
he interpreted for me .
he is above suspicion .
he is always laughing .
he is always prepared .
he is always studying .
he is wearing glasses .
he lacks common sense .
he licked his fingers .
he likes italian food .
he likes taking walks .
he looks very worried .
he loves taking trips .
he never touched wine .
he often plays guitar .
he presented his card .
he rejected our offer .
he scratched his head .
he speaks really well .
he sprained his ankle .
he talked about music .
he teaches us english .
he teaches us history .
he thinks i'm jealous .
he told me everything .
he unbuckled his belt .
he was almost drowned .
he was awfully skinny .
he was chosen captain .
he was nearly drowned .
he was painfully thin .
he went into teaching .
he will come tomorrow .
he wrote it hurriedly .
he's a notorious liar .
he's afraid of snakes .
he's allergic to cats .
he's an absolute fool .
he's away on business .
he's away on vacation .
he's done this before .
he's eating lunch now .
he's gone into hiding .
he's hungry for power .
he's just buying time .
he's just kidding you .
he's kind of handsome .
he's my older brother .
he's not always happy .
he's our only suspect .
he's right behind you .
he's stronger than me .
he's their only child .
he's washing your car .
he's with his parents .
he's young and single .
hello , how's business ?
help yourself , please .
her anger was genuine .
her face turned white .
her talent is amazing .
here comes the waiter .
here's to your health !
his face turned white .
his hobby is painting .
his ideas sound crazy .
hold the racket tight .
how about your father ?
how are you connected ?
how could that happen ?
how is that different ?
how many were wounded ?
how was your birthday ?
how're you holding up ?
how's the party going ?
how's your wife doing ?
i accept your apology .
i actually don't know .
i admire your bravery .
i admire your courage .
i agree with everyone .
i already feel better .
i am harvesting wheat .
i am totally confused .
i appreciate the help .
i assume you're angry .
i believe love exists .
i bought it yesterday .
i bought nine flowers .
i broke my fingernail .
i came here yesterday .
i can't drink alcohol .
i can't feel anything .
i can't find anything .
i can't make promises .
i can't stand cowards .
i can't stand fishing .
i can't stop coughing .
i can't stop sneezing .
i can't stop watching .
i can't trust anybody .
i can't understand it .
i cannot speak german .
i caught tom cheating .
i did nothing illegal .
i did something wrong .
i didn't order dinner .
i didn't say anything .
i didn't see anything .
i didn't shoot anyone .
i didn't tell anybody .
i dislike being alone .
i don't drink alcohol .
i don't drink anymore .
i don't eat breakfast .
i don't enjoy riddles .
i don't know anything .
i don't like anything .
i don't like drinking .
i don't like homework .
i don't like studying .
i don't make mistakes .
i don't mind standing .
i don't need advisers .
i don't need anything .
i don't really recall .
i don't sleep anymore .
i don't speak catalan .
i don't speak chinese .
i don't speak english .
i don't speak spanish .
i don't trust anybody .
i don't understand it .
i don't work tomorrow .
i drank tea yesterday .
i enjoy salsa dancing .
i extended my holiday .
i feel better already .
i feel perfectly fine .
i feel so embarrassed .
i feel very confident .
i felt bad afterwards .
i find him intriguing .
i find that offensive .
i find you attractive .
i find you intriguing .
i followed the recipe .
i forgave his mistake .
i forgot my briefcase .
i found out something .
i get motion sickness .
i guess it's possible .
i had second thoughts .
i hate this apartment .
i hated history class .
i have an appointment .
i have another sister .
i have kidney trouble .
i have life insurance .
i have no explanation .
i have serious doubts .
i have terrible pains .
i have the dictionary .
i have three children .
i haven't told anyone .
i hear someone coming .
i heard what happened .
i hired someone today .
i honestly don't care .
i hope you understand .
i just can't remember .
i just don't remember .
i just started crying .
i knew tom personally .
i knew everyone there .
i know everybody here .
i know these students .
i like english better .
i like french cooking .
i like japanese girls .
i like dark chocolate .
i like their pictures .
i like your frankness .
i lost my inspiration .
i love playing chopin .
i love romance novels .
i love your apartment .
i meant no disrespect .
i misspelled the word .
i must learn japanese .
i need an interpreter .
i need it immediately .
i need something else .
i needed it yesterday .
i often feel homesick .
i often make mistakes .
i postponed the event .
i prefer this version .
i really enjoyed that .
i really like puppies .
i really like seafood .
i recognized his face .
i recognized the name .
i recommend it highly .
i remember it vividly .
i remember seeing her .
i remember seeing him .
i remember the letter .
i remember this music .
i remember those days .
i require your advice .
i respect the elderly .
i respect your talent .
i share your feelings .
i shave every morning .
i should do something .
i should've gone home .
i still make mistakes .
i suggest we continue .
i suppose that's true .
i talked to everybody .
i think it's reliable .
i think that's better .
i think that's enough .
i think they're happy .
i think they're lying .
i think they're ready .
i think we're related .
i thought you'd agree .
i told him everything .
i totally believe you .
i totally freaked out .
i used my imagination .
i want an explanation .
i want another chance .
i want something more .
i want to participate .
i wanted your opinion .
i was falsely accused .
i was happy yesterday .
i was quite surprised .
i was so disappointed .
i wasn't always happy .
i won't come tomorrow .
i won't lose anything .
i work for mcdonald's .
i worked this morning .
i would've liked that .
i'd like another beer .
i'd like orange juice .
i'd like to apologize .
i'll be busy tomorrow .
i'll be right outside .
i'll be very discreet .
i'll call him tonight .
i'll call you tonight .
i'll drive to detroit .
i'll find another job .
i'll keep your secret .
i'll make some coffee .
i'll meet you outside .
i'll never forget you .
i'll order that later .
i'll see tom tomorrow .
i'll see you tomorrow .
i'll water the garden .
i'm a football player .
i'm a little confused .
i'm a terrible dancer .
i'm a terrible writer .
i'm afraid of heights .
i'm afraid of nothing .
i'm afraid of spiders .
i'm ashamed of myself .
i'm at the restaurant .
i'm coming right away .
i'm coming right home .
i'm doing my homework .
i'm doing pretty well .
i'm dreading the exam .
i'm eating a sandwich .
i'm finished with you .
i'm glad you're early .
i'm going back inside .
i'm going there alone .
i'm happy you're here .
i'm here to apologize .
i'm just being honest .
i'm late for practice .
i'm leaving on sunday .
i'm not a disbeliever .
i'm not a millionaire .
i'm not angry anymore .
i'm not entirely sure .
i'm not following you .
i'm not going outside .
i'm not hungry anyway .
i'm not hungry either .
i'm not really hungry .
i'm not sleeping well .
i'm not too convinced .
i'm not very athletic .
i'm not wearing socks .
i'm not young anymore .
i'm not your daughter .
i'm rarely this angry .
i'm really not hungry .
i'm scared of heights .
i'm still your friend .
i'm sure that's wrong .
i'm swamped with work .
i'm taking a vacation .
i'm terrible at chess .
i'm thinking of going .
i'm three blocks away .
i'm waiting for lunch .
i'm worried about him .
i'm worried about you .
i've already paid you .
i've always been here .
i've always loved you .
i've done this before .
i've given up smoking .
i've got two brothers .
i've lost my strength .
i've made my decision .
i've never been there .
i've seen this before .
i've worked very hard .
is all this necessary ?
is everybody on board ?
is everyone all right ?
is it tuesday already ?
is it really possible ?
is it your helicopter ?
is someone meeting us ?
is that bothering you ?
is that clock working ?
is that thing working ?
is that your umbrella ?
is there a difference ?
is there anybody left ?
is there enough gravy ?
is there some ketchup ?
is there someone else ?
is this a coincidence ?
is this your umbrella ?
is tomorrow a holiday ?
is your baby sleeping ?
is your daughter here ?
is your headache gone ?
is your watch correct ?
isn't life just great ?
it can be frustrating .
it could be dangerous .
it could rain tonight .
it didn't really hurt .
it doesn't look right .
it frosted last night .
it happened very fast .
it has been confirmed .
it has been wonderful .
it just doesn't count .
it might prove useful .
it might snow tonight .
it seems quiet enough .
it seems warm outside .
it serves our purpose .
it smells like bleach .
it tastes really good .
it was saturday night .
it was cold yesterday .
it was extremely cold .
it was not conclusive .
it was not unexpected .
it was pretty obvious .
it was quite pleasant .
it was very beautiful .
it was very difficult .
it wasn't an accident .
it will probably rain .
it won't happen again .
it won't stop raining .
it's a common mistake .
it's a cultural thing .
it's a necessary evil .
it's a social problem .
it's about five miles .
it's about to explode !
it's all been written .
it's all quite simple .
it's all so senseless .
it's all that matters .
it's already too late .
it's bad for business .
it's cold around here .
it's driving me crazy .
it's easy to remember .
it's for the children .
it's freezing in here .
it's going to explode !
it's just a formality .
it's my favorite food .
it's not an emergency .
it's not for everyone .
it's not looking good .
it's not quite normal .
it's not that strange .
it's really cool here .
it's really hot there .
it's really hot today .
it's self - explanatory .
it's so different now .
it's starting to snow .
it's the perfect size .
it's what we expected .
it's what you deserve .
it's your only chance .
jupiter is very large .
just turn this handle .
keep next sunday free .
keep your eyes peeled !
keep your hands clean .
keep your hands still .
kids do stupid things .
lawyers are all liars .
leave my camera alone .
leave my family alone .
leave my things alone .
let sleeping dogs lie .
let the children play .
let's ask the teacher .
let's drink some beer .
let's eat out tonight .
let's have lunch here .
let's help each other .
let's hit the showers .
let's hope this works .
let's leave her alone .
let's meet again soon .
let's meet on tuesday .
let's not forget that .
let's open the window .
let's play dodge ball .
let's review lesson 5 .
let's share the money .
let's start the party .
let's start with beer .
listen to your mother .
look at that building .
look at that mountain .
make yourself at home .
many people are upset .
marriage is a lottery .
mary has her problems .
mary isn't tom's wife .
may comes after april .
maybe we should start .
meeting girls is hard .
mom didn't mention it .
money opens all doors .
money rules the world .
my baggage is missing .
my bicycle was stolen .
my brother is healthy .
my cat died yesterday .
my class was canceled .
my father loves pizza .
my instinct was right .
my mother makes cakes .
my mother was furious .
my parents are asleep .
my parents don't know .
my phone doesn't work .
my phone is vibrating .
my sister got engaged .
my sister often cries .
my suitcase is broken .
my uncle plays guitar .
nail the windows shut .
no one encouraged her .
no one heard anything .
no one knows anything .
no tickets are needed .
nobody can control us .
nobody cares about me .
nobody does it better .
nobody knows his name .
nobody likes that guy .
nobody listened to me .
none of your business .
not all experts agree .
nothing is ever right .
nuclear power is safe .
obviously he is wrong .
obviously , she's sick .
only one man survived .
our water pipes burst .
people laughed at him .
playing tennis is fun .
please close the door .
please copy this page .
please heat the water .
please leave me alone .
please let me explain .
please light a candle .
please take my advice .
please think about it .
please throw the ball .
prices have gone down .
proper id is required .
put down your weapons !
remain seated , please .
roll down your window .
say you understand me .
school begins at nine .
sewing is manual work .
she accepted his gift .
she achieved her goal .
she almost passed out .
she altered her plans .
she answered in tears .
she caught her breath .
she committed a crime .
she felt like dancing .
she followed him home .
she got brushed aside .
she has abundant hair .
she has gone shopping .
she has two daughters .
she helped cook lunch .
she ironed his shirts .
she is always smoking .
she is gaining weight .
she is very beautiful .
she left her children .
she likes russian pop .
she looked all around .
she looks very afraid .
she misses her father .
she never wears green .
she played the violin .
she refused his offer .
she returned his kiss .
she returned to japan .
she screamed for help .
she taught us singing .
she teaches us french .
she was fully clothed .
she watched him dance .
she weeded the garden .
she weighs 120 pounds .
she wept with emotion .
she wriggled her toes .
she's a jealous woman .
she's a single mother .
she's missed the boat .
she's my older sister .
she's smarter than me .
she's still under age .
she's sure to succeed .
she's taller than him .
she's under the chair .
she's upset right now .
shouldn't you go home ?
show me another watch .
show me your passport .
sit wherever you like .
so what're you saying ?
somebody stole my car .
someone asked for you .
someone took my place .
something is odd here .
speak a little louder .
spring is coming soon .
stick out your tongue .
still waters run deep .
stop being so curious .
stop flirting with me .
summer has just begun .
summer is almost over .
take care of yourself .
take off your clothes .
tears filled her eyes .
tell me what happened .
tests start next week .
thank you for calling .
thank you for waiting .
thanks for joining us .
thanks for the advice .
that cannot be denied .
that could be helpful .
that didn't take long .
that game was awesome .
that house is haunted .
that is my dictionary .
that is very exciting .
that joke isn't funny .
that kiss was amazing .
that makes more sense .
that man is dangerous .
that might be serious .
that really scares me .
that should be enough .
that was great advice .
that wasn't very nice .
that water pipe leaks .
that wouldn't help me .
that's all i remember .
that's enough for now .
that's how it started .
that's just not right .
that's my final offer .
that's not big enough .
that's not even funny .
that's not my concern .
that's not my opinion .
that's not quite true .
that's not the answer .
that's not very funny .
that's not your fault .
that's open to debate .
that's the last straw !
that's the tough part .
that's very good news .
that's what i believe .
that's what i figured .
that's what i thought .
that's what you think .
that's where we'll go .
that's why we're here .
the airport is closed .
the beach was crowded .
the birds are singing .
the bookstore is open .
the boy was shirtless .
the boys were injured .
the brake didn't work .
the cake is delicious .
the candle burned out .
the car doesn't start .
the children are cold .
the children are safe .
the clock has stopped .
the danger is minimal .
the door clicked shut .
the door doesn't lock .
the door was unlocked .
the doors were closed .
the drawer won't open .
the feeling is mutual .
the files are missing .
the food is delicious .
the girls are excited .
the goldfish is alive .
the hotel burned down .
the house caught fire .
the kettle is boiling .
the knife isn't sharp .
the meat is expensive .
the meeting went well .
the mistakes are mine .
the mountain is green .
the pain is agonizing .
the pizza tasted good .
the problem is solved .
the rain is wonderful .
the rumors were false .
the same applies here .
the sky's clear today .
the soldiers are dead .
the streets are clean .
the thief ran quickly .
the town is beautiful .
the town was deserted .
the train has arrived .
the tubes are clogged .
the two brothers died .
the vote is unanimous .
the water is lukewarm .
the weather was ideal .
the women are working .
the world has changed .
the young girl sighed .
their car passed ours .
their son grew bigger .
there are no problems .
there is nothing here .
there isn't much time .
there was another one .
there was no bathroom .
there was no response .
there'll be a problem .
there's a yellow rose .
there's no danger now .
there's no free lunch .
there's no wind today .
these aren't my ideas .
these books are heavy .
these boxes are heavy .
they all looked happy .
they are out shopping .
they arrived too soon .
they can't be ignored .
they can't believe it .
they couldn't help us .
they found each other .
they found him guilty .
they hated each other .
they loaded the truck .
they missed the train .
they must be replaced .
they never drink beer .
they saw us yesterday .
they shared the money .
they shouted for help .
they talked all night .
they used truth serum .
they wash their hands .
they were all friends .
they were all smiling .
they were not pleased .
they will never agree .
they worked like bees .
they'll never make it .
they're afraid of him .
they're coming for me .
they're coming for us .
they're in the garden .
they're in the shower .
think of your brother .
think outside the box .
thirty isn't that old .
this banana is rotten .
this blouse is cotton .
this car handles well .
this chair is plastic .
this could be serious .
this data is outdated .
this food is terrible .
this heater burns gas .
this house is haunted .
this is a coincidence .
this is for everybody .
this is my dictionary .
this is not happening .
this is so depressing .
this is something new .
this is truly amazing .
this is very exciting .
this isn't my problem .
this makes me curious .
this news is official .
this party is awesome .
this pear smells nice .
this road is terrible .
this should be plenty .
this string is strong .
this stuff is amazing .
this sure tastes good !
this textbook is good .
this work doesn't pay .
those are empty words .
those are my trousers .
those photos are hers .
time cures all things .
time heals all wounds .
tips are not accepted .
today is october 11th .
tom always works hard .
tom became a minister .
tom boarded the plane .
tom boiled some water .
tom borrowed my ruler .
tom brought mary here .
tom brought a blanket .
tom buttoned his coat .
tom can't play tennis .
tom comes from boston .
tom could barely walk .
tom cried all morning .
tom didn't drink much .
tom didn't feel tired .
tom didn't get caught .
tom didn't trust mary .
tom doesn't like beef .
tom doesn't live here .
tom doesn't play golf .
tom doesn't seem busy .
tom doesn't want kids .
tom eats very quickly .
tom folded his sheets .
tom folded his shirts .
tom found the problem .
tom greeted us warmly .
tom has back problems .
tom has gained weight .
tom has just resigned .
tom has three sisters .
tom is mary's fiancé .
tom is mary's stepson .
tom is always working .
tom is average height .
tom is dreaming again .
tom is falling asleep .
tom is from australia .
tom is getting better .
tom is very efficient .
tom isn't on facebook .
tom kissed his cousin .
tom knocked mary down .
tom left the building .
tom likes watching tv .
tom lost 30 kilograms .
tom lost his umbrella .
tom lowered his sword .
tom made a pilgrimage .
tom made an exception .
tom made that himself .
tom made three errors .
tom often tells jokes .
tom painted the fence .
tom scrubbed his feet .
tom sipped his coffee .
tom still despises me .
tom teaches us french .
tom thinks i'm stupid .
tom took mary's money .
tom took another bite .
tom wants answers now .
tom was an accountant .
tom was great tonight .
tom went skiing alone .
tom will never change .
tom will probably win .
tom won't be arrested .
tom's leg is bleeding .
tomorrow is a holiday .
tomorrow's my day off .
turn in your homework .
two seats were vacant .
two women are singing .
war is not inevitable .
was anybody else hurt ?
was there much damage ?
we accepted his offer .
we all got distracted .
we can't see anything .
we can't tell anybody .
we certainly hope not .
we did that yesterday .
we didn't see anybody .
we don't always agree .
we don't have secrets .
we got along famously .
we have a reservation .
we have no complaints .
we have two daughters .
we love our customers .
we must study english .
we respect each other .
we should get married .
we should probably go .
we should work faster .
we sometimes see them .
we talked about music .
we took turns driving .
we want something new .
we were all concerned .
we were kids together .
we were playing chess .
we will not surrender .
we'd better get going .
we'll all be together .
we'll begin work soon .
we'll get another one .
we'll never catch tom .
we're dealing with it .
we're not going there .
we're not really sure .
we're not through yet .
we've missed the boat .
weigh your words well .
were you even tempted ?
what a beautiful baby !
what a beautiful city !
what a beautiful town !
what a beautiful view !
what a wonderful gift !
what a wonderful idea !
what a wonderful town !
what an exciting game !
what are the symptoms ?
what are you drinking ?
what are you implying ?
what are you watching ?
what do announcers do ?
what floats your boat ?
what happened in here ?
what if they're wrong ?
what is the emergency ?
what is this nonsense ?
what is your decision ?
what would cause that ?
what would cause this ?
what'd the doctor say ?
what's tom doing here ?
what's all that about ?
what's all the ruckus ?
what's all this noise ?
what's all this stuff ?
what's happened to us ?
what's he doing there ?
what's her name again ?
what's his first name ?
what's in that bottle ?
what's in the package ?
what's my room number ?
what's taking so long ?
what's that scar from ?
what's the daily rate ?
what's the date today ?
what's the magic word ?
what's the text about ?
what's this all about ?
what's wrong with him ?
what's wrong with you ?
what's your full name ?
what's your last name ?
what's your real name ?
what's your shoe size ?
whatever he says goes .
when is your birthday ?
where are my slippers ?
where are our friends ?
where are the showers ?
where are the toilets ?
where are you staying ?
where are you working ?
where are your people ?
where are your things ?
where exactly are you ?
where is my newspaper ?
where is the bathroom ?
where is the elevator ?
where were the police ?
where's the red cross ?
which is your luggage ?
who broke this window ?
who built the snowman ?
who can speak english ?
who cares about facts ?
who crashed the party ?
who helps your mother ?
who is standing there ?
who is that gentleman ?
who planned that trip ?
who should we believe ?
who wrote this letter ?
whose bicycle is that ?
whose bicycle is this ?
whose books are these ?
whose books are those ?
whose handbag is this ?
whose is this bicycle ?
whose shoes are these ?
why are they fighting ?
why are you flinching ?
why are you irritated ?
why is this happening ?
why should anyone pay ?
why's tom always here ?
will he come tomorrow ?
will it rain tomorrow ?
will this satisfy you ?
will you accompany me ?
winter is coming soon .
wisdom comes with age .
you are her daughters .
you are seriously ill .
you can start anytime .
you can't buy respect .
you cannot be serious .
you deserve a present .
you deserve the prize .
you did nothing wrong .
you don't belong here .
you don't frighten me .
you have many friends .
you have to disappear .
you heard your mother .
you look so beautiful .
you must be exhausted .
you need an ambulance .
you should be careful .
you should smoke less .
you understand , right ?
you won't regret this .
you'd better back off .
you'd better hurry up .
you'd better sit here .
you'll be better soon .
you'll never be alone .
you're all against me .
you're doing it right .
you're doing it wrong !
you're going to laugh .
you're going too fast .
you're good with kids .
you're in big trouble .
you're my best friend .
you're not being fair .
you're not helping me .
you're not safe there .
you're not that crazy .
you're not that smart .
you're not very funny .
you're out of control .
you're out of excuses .
you're over - analyzing .
you're pulling my leg .
you're taller than me .
you're worse than tom .
you've come too early .
you've done well here .
you've got some nerve .
your boots are ruined .
your cat will survive .
your cough worries me .
your friends are late .
your life's in danger .
your nose is bleeding .
your parents are cool .
your plan didn't work .
your shoes are untied .
zero comes before one .
a magnet attracts iron .
a password is required .
a sponge absorbs water .
actually , you're right .
all seats are reserved .
any other bright ideas ?
are these bananas ripe ?
are we on speakerphone ?
are you being punished ?
are you dating anybody ?
are you recording this ?
are you seeing anybody ?
are you seeing someone ?
are you threatening me ?
aren't there any risks ?
aren't you dressed yet ?
aren't you guys sleepy ?
badgers dig deep holes .
better late than never .
better safe than sorry .
bring me the newspaper .
bring me today's paper .
business is looking up .
business is quite slow .
can anyone believe you ?
can anyone verify that ?
can you do bookkeeping ?
cats have pointed ears .
cats usually hate dogs .
charity begins at home .
choose between the two .
come whenever you like .
come whenever you want .
could you kill someone ?
defend her from danger .
did anybody take notes ?
did they find anything ?
did we forget anything ?
did you enjoy yourself ?
did you have breakfast ?
did you work yesterday ?
didn't anyone tell you ?
dinner is almost ready .
do ghosts really exist ?
do those insects sting ?
do you have everything ?
do you have nightmares ?
do you smell something ?
do you speak bulgarian ?
do you speak esperanto ?
do you understand that ?
does that surprise you ?
dogs are loyal animals .
don't approach the dog .
don't beat yourself up .
don't blame the victim .
don't change your mind .
don't feed the animals .
don't forget your coat .
don't just stand there .
don't leave them alone .
don't let him approach .
don't light the candle .
don't raise your voice .
don't release that dog .
don't say another word .
don't sleep too deeply .
don't spoil your child .
don't take any chances .
don't take it personal .
don't tell anyone this .
don't tell your mother .
don't touch the button .
don't waste your money .
don't worry about that .
don't you speak french ?
dry wood burns quickly .
elves have pointy ears .
even tom was surprised .
everybody calls me tom .
everybody puts me down .
everyone called me tom .
everyone can do better .
everyone is against me .
everyone is not honest .
everyone knew the song .
everyone knows the law .
everyone will be happy .
everything has a price .
fasten your seat belts .
figure it out yourself .
flowers make her happy .
forget i said anything .
give me another chance .
give me the microphone .
give me thirty seconds .
good evening , everyone .
hand over your weapons .
has flight 123 arrived ?
has tom eaten anything ?
has he arrived already ?
has prison changed him ?
hasn't tom arrived yet ?
have i missed anything ?
have you already eaten ?
have you already voted ?
have you been drinking ?
he accepted my present .
he admitted his defeat .
he always studies hard .
he approached the door .
he became world famous .
he burst into laughter .
he can't speak english .
he can't stop laughing .
he changed his address .
he climbs trees easily .
he comes from hangzhou .
he confessed his guilt .
he demanded better pay .
he did the unthinkable .
he didn't say anything .
he didn't see anything .
he doctored his report .
he doesn't like coffee .
he doesn't mince words .
he enjoys his position .
he escaped from prison .
he greeted his parents .
he handles horses well .
he has broad shoulders .
he hasn't appeared yet .
he hasn't returned yet .
he ignores my problems .
he inherited the house .
he instantly denied it .
he is playing outdoors .
he is speaking english .
he isn't alone anymore .
he keeps surprising me .
he knows ten languages .
he likes country music .
he likes reading books .
he looked pretty tired .
he might come tomorrow .
he missed the deadline .
he often quotes milton .
he quit without notice .
he regrets his mistake .
he respects his father .
he retires next spring .
he returned from china .
he returned to america .
he seems very pleasant .
he speaks english well .
he swallowed his pride .
he touched my shoulder .
he turned a somersault .
he uncorked the bottle .
he used the dictionary .
he was accused falsely .
he was declared guilty .
he was happily married .
he was visibly nervous .
he was wearing glasses .
he wears thick glasses .
he went home yesterday .
he wouldn't believe us .
he'll never forgive me .
he'll succeed for sure .
he's a junior employee .
he's a talented writer .
he's addicted to drugs .
he's getting cold feet .
he's not young anymore .
he's open and trusting .
he's rich and powerful .
he's stalling for time .
he's stronger than you .
he's such a sweetheart .
he's writing his diary .
he's young and healthy .
health is above wealth .
her english is perfect .
her actions disturb me .
her sister looks young .
here comes our teacher .
here's my phone number .
here's the tricky part .
his english is perfect .
his child behaves well .
his idea wasn't usable .
his name was forgotten .
his plan was discarded .
his reply was negative .
his sister looks young .
his words surprised me .
how was your afternoon ?
i appreciate your time .
i appreciate your work .
i ask your forgiveness .
i assemble car engines .
i attended his funeral .
i begin this afternoon .
i can't control myself .
i can't judge distance .
i can't stand reptiles .
i can't stand violence .
i can't think straight .
i changed my hairstyle .
i completely forgot it .
i considered not going .
i could've married tom .
i couldn't do anything .
i couldn't stop crying .
i couldn't stop myself .
i did everything right .
i did nothing unlawful .
i did something stupid .
i didn't find anything .
i didn't know anything .
i didn't pay attention .
i didn't take anything .
i didn't want anything .
i dislike cold weather .
i don't condone murder .
i don't know everybody .
i don't like chocolate .
i don't like profanity .
i don't like shellfish .
i don't speak japanese .
i don't understand art .
i don't wear chapstick .
i enjoyed your company .
i feel different today .
i finished my sandwich .
i guess we're finished .
i have an announcement .
i hear someone singing .
i heard someone scream .
i helped him yesterday .
i hope everyone agrees .
i inherited his estate .
i know tom understands .
i leave this afternoon .
i like classical music .
i like solving puzzles .
i like watching people .
i lost three kilograms .
i love american movies .
i love christmas music .
i love christmas songs .
i love that commercial .
i love traveling alone .
i love visiting boston .
i moved here yesterday .
i need colored pencils .
i need some volunteers .
i ordered chinese food .
i really am interested .
i really appreciate it .
i really misjudged you .
i recently had surgery .
i regret that decision .
i remember many things .
i remember saying that .
i remember that speech .
i remember your father .
i respect your opinion .
i seldom make mistakes .
i sell clothing online .
i should've known this .
i should've warned you .
i support the proposal .
i suppose you're right .
i suspect you're right .
i suspect you're wrong .
i take everything back .
i taught myself french .
i think he's competent .
i think it's dangerous .
i think it's wonderful .
i think she'll succeed .
i think she's innocent .
i think you're jealous .
i told them everything .
i trust him completely .
i understand the risks .
i value our friendship .
i value their opinions .
i want something sweet .
i was absolutely right .
i was following orders .
i was incredibly bored .
i was really emotional .
i wasn't strong enough .
i went there yesterday .
i won't disappoint you .
i wonder what happened .
i'd say you're jealous .
i'll accept your offer .
i'll be there tomorrow .
i'll bring the glasses .
i'll call tom tomorrow .
i'll check your vision .
i'll come if necessary .
i'll meet him tomorrow .
i'll miss your cooking .
i'll never forgive him .
i'll never forgive you .
i'll study your report .
i'm a japanese teacher .
i'm a little skeptical .
i'm above telling lies .
i'm accustomed to this .
i'm afraid of drowning .
i'm allergic to gluten .
i'm already in trouble .
i'm being held hostage .
i'm concerned about it .
i'm fascinated by cats .
i'm glad you're coming .
i'm going to australia .
i'm horrible with kids .
i'm hungry and thirsty .
i'm listening to music .
i'm not a professional .
i'm not answering that .
i'm not disputing that .
i'm not going anywhere .
i'm not hungry anymore .
i'm not really worried .
i'm not totally stupid .
i'm not very confident .
i'm not very organized .
i'm not your boyfriend .
i'm ready for tomorrow .
i'm really tired today .
i'm reporting for duty .
i'm studying very hard .
i'm terrible at tennis .
i'm the youngest child .
i'm thinking about you .
i'm trying to remember .
i'm using the computer .
i'm walking beside her .
i'm worried about them .
i've been there before .
i've broken my glasses .
i've come to apologize .
i've found another job .
i've got some problems .
i've never been abroad .
i've never been better .
i've never told anyone .
i've really missed you .
i've removed the comma .
is anybody else scared ?
is anyone absent today ?
is anyone else bidding ?
is anyone else excited ?
is anything the matter ?
is eating people wrong ?
is everybody all right ?
is everybody happy now ?
is he still interested ?
is that seat available ?
is there anybody there ?
is this time different ?
is this your briefcase ?
is today your birthday ?
is your daughter blind ?
is your sister married ?
isn't this place great ?
it can't possibly work .
it doesn't matter much .
it doesn't surprise me .
it happened so quickly .
it has happened before .
it has stopped raining .
it hasn't happened yet .
it might rain tomorrow .
it really is difficult .
it tastes like chicken .
it was beginner's luck .
it was extremely funny .
it was extremely weird .
it was raining quietly .
it was sunny yesterday .
it wasn't a permission .
it won't stop bleeding .
it'll be different now .
it's october the third .
it's a chinese company .
it's a beautiful story .
it's a cautionary tale .
it's a dangerous world .
it's a personal matter .
it's a serious illness .
it's a tremendous deal .
it's across the street .
it's against my morals .
it's against the rules .
it's ahead of schedule .
it's already 7 o'clock .
it's already been done .
it's an acquired taste .
it's an ambitious plan .
it's an excellent wine .
it's an important step .
it's business as usual .
it's fairly warm today .
it's getting cold here .
it's going really well .
it's impolite to point .
it's just pepper spray .
it's kind of important .
it's making me nervous .
it's not brain surgery .
it's not for everybody .
it's not getting worse .
it's not without risks .
it's now fairly common .
it's past your bedtime .
it's really cold today .
it's snowing in boston .
it's still my birthday .
it's still not working .
it's ten o'clock sharp .
it's the ultimate test .
it's worth every penny .
just don't forget this .
just follow your heart .
keep the meter running .
keep the window closed .
let bygones be bygones .
let's cross the street .
let's do this properly .
let's not discuss this .
let's not tell anybody .
let's say you're right .
let's see what happens .
let's share this money .
let's speak in english .
let's start right away .
listen to me carefully .
living here isn't easy .
look at the blackboard .
luckily nobody got wet .
lunch will be provided .
mary is tom's fiancée .
mary likes watching tv .
mary oiled her bicycle .
mary's husband is rich .
may i introduce myself ?
mind your own business !
my cholesterol is high .
my computer has frozen .
my conscience is clear .
my daughter has braces .
my daughter's your age .
my foot's asleep again !
my friend is bilingual .
my mother feels better .
my passport was stolen .
my shift's almost over .
my watch is waterproof .
no one is invulnerable .
no one listens anymore .
no one understands you .
nobody can surpass him .
nobody knows the truth .
nobody showed up today .
not everyone got along .
not everyone is honest .
nothing could stop him .
nothing seemed to work .
opinions are not facts .
our school burned down .
pick up your briefcase .
please correct my bill .
please don't overdo it .
please keep me updated .
please leave a message .
please open the bottle .
please open the window .
please pay the cashier .
please write back soon .
please write this down .
rabbits have long ears .
read whatever you like .
reading makes me happy .
school begins in april .
she abandoned her sons .
she accepted his offer .
she also speaks french .
she always believes me .
she can leave tomorrow .
she can speak japanese .
she couldn't afford it .
she crossed the street .
she doesn't like sushi .
she doesn't seem happy .
she found him handsome .
she gets tired quickly .
she has three children .
she herself helped him .
she is already married .
she is habitually late .
she is very photogenic .
she knows herself well .
she likes chinese food .
she likes blue dresses .
she likes short skirts .
she loves her children .
she majored in history .
she married a musician .
she resembles her aunt .
she stood bolt upright .
she suddenly kissed me .
she told me everything .
she was breathing hard .
she was painfully thin .
she wears heavy makeup .
she went into teaching .
she's a glamorous girl .
she's a powerful witch .
she's one tough cookie .
she's rolling in money .
she's smarter than him .
she's younger than him .
simplicity is a virtue .
so what's your problem ?
somebody swiped my bag .
someone is calling you .
someone is watching us .
someone might get hurt .
someone please help me .
someone stole my stuff .
something is not right .
something must be done !
sorry to interrupt you .
sport knows no borders .
staying home isn't fun .
stop biting your nails .
stop playing with that .
stop spending my money .
stop talking about tom .
stop what you're doing .
stop worrying about it .
take anything you want .
take the bags upstairs .
take whatever you want .
tell me you're kidding .
thank you for watching .
thanks for helping out .
thanks for stopping by .
thanks for the updates .
that bicycle isn't his .
that bridge isn't long .
that could be anything .
that girl looks boyish .
that hardly seems fair .
that is almost correct .
that is another matter .
that is very expensive !
that massage felt good .
that might be possible .
that movie is exciting .
that movie was amusing .
that no longer matters .
that plane is enormous !
that really bothers me .
that really made sense .
that sound is annoying .
that sounds really bad .
that took real courage .
that umbrella is tom's .
that was really unfair .
that would seem likely .
that wouldn't be smart .
that's a good approach .
that's a little unfair .
that's a trivial error .
that's a wise decision .
that's against the law .
that's all changed now .
that's just my opinion .
that's just not enough .
that's my final answer .
that's not my decision .
that's not quite right .
that's not really true .
that's not the problem .
that's quite a problem .
that's simply not true .
that's the whole story .
that's what people say .
the apprentice is lazy .
the barbells are heavy .
the boy almost drowned .
the car wouldn't start .
the clock is defective .
the day was exhausting .
the door opened slowly .
the food was wonderful .
the game's almost over .
the hours are terrible .
the house is beautiful .
the house was deserted .
the houses are burning .
the light doesn't work .
the light turned green .
the matter was settled .
the meeting isn't over .
the meeting was closed .
the microphone is dead .
the mission was simple .
the nation was growing .
the pain was agonizing .
the painter died young .
the piano is expensive .
the plants are growing .
the police accused him .
the price includes tax .
the problem isn't that .
the prophecy came true .
the radio doesn't work .
the reverse seems true .
the rumor was baseless .
the situation is grave .
the story ends happily .
the streets were empty .
the teacher is chinese .
the toilet is upstairs .
the weather stayed bad .
the weather turned bad .
the wine was excellent .
the world is dangerous .
there are no customers .
there was nobody there .
there were no problems .
there's a storm coming .
there's no class today .
these are my suitcases .
these clothes suit you .
these pearls look real .
they admire each other .
they are great friends .
they are my classmates .
they are playing chess .
they are very cheerful .
they could only listen .
they don't despise you .
they don't really care .
they failed both times .
they followed you here .
they have enough money .
they have just arrived .
they have many friends .
they have nothing left .
they kissed each other .
they launched a rocket .
they looked very happy .
they must be americans .
they rejected our idea .
they were all teachers .
they were mostly women .
they were so different .
they were very excited .
they're about to leave .
they're all against me .
they're doing it right .
they're not my friends .
they're still not safe .
they're waiting for us .
they've all gone crazy .
they've all moved away .
they've done it before .
think before you speak .
this apple tastes sour .
this boat is seaworthy .
this car needs washing .
this carpet feels nice .
this clock is accurate .
this clock is electric .
this coat is rainproof .
this data is incorrect .
this decision is final .
this doesn't look good .
this engine works well .
this file is encrypted .
this food is unhealthy .
this is tom's computer .
this is an abomination .
this is excellent wine .
this is extremely hard .
this is highly illegal .
this is highly unusual .
this is not disneyland .
this is not acceptable .
this is not negotiable .
this is pretty extreme .
this is quite shocking .
this is simply amazing .
this is so frustrating .
this is taking forever .
this is totally insane .
this is very dangerous .
this is very ingenious .
this is what'll happen .
this is your community .
this music is terrible .
this newspaper is free .
this no longer matters .
this noise is annoying .
this road is dangerous .
this room smells musty .
this rose is beautiful .
this smell disgusts me .
this tape isn't sticky .
this water tastes good .
this window won't open .
those are your options .
those glasses suit you .
those keys aren't mine .
today is september 1st .
today is extremely hot .
today's dinner is fish .
today's your lucky day .
tom almost caught mary .
tom became an engineer .
tom burst out laughing .
tom can't help himself .
tom collects old coins .
tom couldn't find mary .
tom couldn't find work .
tom crossed the street .
tom did twenty pushups .
tom didn't kill anyone .
tom doesn't believe it .
tom doesn't like chess .
tom doesn't sleep much .
tom folded the blanket .
tom forgot his glasses .
tom had loving parents .
tom has three brothers .
tom hasn't arrived yet .
tom ignored our advice .
tom is a perfectionist .
tom is already waiting .
tom is always cheerful .
tom is always sleeping .
tom is an octogenarian .
tom is fighting cancer .
tom is making progress .
tom is obviously tired .
tom is pretty decisive .
tom is quite different .
tom is still dangerous .
tom isn't bothering me .
tom isn't your brother .
tom just turned thirty .
tom knows what's wrong .
tom led the discussion .
tom looks very anxious .
tom looks very worried .
tom loved his children .
tom made many mistakes .
tom needs his medicine .
tom never trusted mary .
tom often goes fishing .
tom plays the trombone .
tom regrets doing that .
tom sharpened a pencil .
tom should've said yes .
tom sipped some coffee .
tom stole mary's watch .
tom stopped the engine .
tom studies at harvard .
tom thinks it's stupid .
tom tightened the knot .
tom told us everything .
tom watched mary dance .
tom's wife is canadian .
was anybody else there ?
was that a coincidence ?
was there enough money ?
we all became soldiers .
we all deserve respect .
we are making progress .
we aren't always right .
we became best friends .
we became good friends .
we can travel together .
we can't do everything .
we can't save everyone .
we consider tom honest .
we could sing together .
we debated the problem .
we don't like violence .
we don't make mistakes .
we enjoy reading books .
we enjoyed watching tv .
we expect good results .
we have an appointment .
we have finished lunch .
we have mutual friends .
we haven't seen anyone .
we like playing soccer .
we missed the deadline .
we must stick together .
we must talk privately .
we play games together .
we postponed the event .
we saw nothing strange .
we share the housework .
we shouldn't lose hope .
we shouldn't stay here .
we sometimes meet them .
we value our customers .
we were all devastated .
we were really excited .
we'd better hurry then .
we'll be together soon .
we'll decide by voting .
we'll discuss it later .
we'll join you shortly .
we'll soon be together .
we're a married couple .
we're all having lunch .
we're all in agreement .
we're all wasting time .
we're all working hard .
we're glad you're here .
we're just hanging out .
we're not all teachers .
we're not going ashore .
we're not turning back .
we're not your parents .
we're tired of waiting .
we've been here before .
wear whatever you want .
well , it's complicated .
well , that's upsetting .
what a beautiful dress !
what a beautiful house !
what a beautiful night !
what a beautiful scene !
what a big supermarket !
what a stupid question !
what a wonderful night !
what a wonderful party !
what an excellent idea !
what are you inferring ?
what are you preparing ?
what have i misspelled ?
what is your emergency ?
what is your specialty ?
what relieves the pain ?
what tripped the alarm ?
what was your question ?
what were you thinking ?
what will that achieve ?
what're we looking for ?
what're we waiting for ?
what're you doing here ?
what's tom's real name ?
what's all that racket ?
what's behind the door ?
what's going to happen ?
what's the bottom line ?
what's the final count ?
what's the whole story ?
what's this book about ?
what's this dog's name ?
what's this doing here ?
what's wrong with that ?
what's wrong with them ?
what's wrong with this ?
what's your best price ?
what's your blood type ?
what's your dad's name ?
what's your first name ?
what's your name again ?
what's your son's name ?
where are your manners ?
where are your parents ?
where did everybody go ?
where is the newspaper ?
where is today's paper ?
where is your homework ?
where was the princess ?
where's the dining car ?
which is your suitcase ?
which student went out ?
who invented the piano ?
who teaches you french ?
who're you calling now ?
who're you looking for ?
whose computer is this ?
whose notebook is that ?
whose suitcase is that ?
whose umbrella is this ?
why are you interested ?
why aren't you married ?
why does nobody answer ?
why don't you remember ?
why give them anything ?
why is everyone crying ?
why should i interfere ?
why wait for christmas ?
wine helps digest food .
you are a troublemaker .
you are hearing things .
you are not consistent .
you are probably wrong .
you are very beautiful .
you can't believe that .
you can't hide forever .
you can't hypnotize me .
you can't trust anyone .
you could have drowned .
you could've been hurt .
you deserve to succeed .
you have my sympathies .
you haven't even tried .
you missed the meeting .
you must quit drinking .
you must work together .
you people are amazing .
you should know better .
you should visit kyoto .
you shouldn't be angry .
you shouldn't eat here .
you sound really angry .
you speak good english .
you think you're funny ?
you weren't even there .
you won't believe this .
you'd better leave now .
you'd better start now .
you'll be dead someday .
you'll feel better now .
you're a nervous wreck .
you're a wonderful guy .
you're cuter than mary .
you're driving me nuts .
you're in grave danger .
you're making me blush .
you're not fast enough .
you're not wanted here .
you're on to something .
you're smarter than me .
you're up to something .
you're wasting my time .
you've got three weeks .
you've made that clear .
you've made your point .
you've missed the boat .
your french is perfect .
your answer is correct .
your cake is delicious .
your cat is overweight .
your hair is beautiful .
your plan sounds great .
your socks don't match .
a mirror reflects light .
a permanent costs extra .
all our attempts failed .
am i being unreasonable ?
an amputation is needed .
animals act on instinct .
any improvement is good .
are there any questions ?
are there enough chairs ?
are these your children ?
are they really friends ?
are you already married ?
are you blackmailing me ?
are you bringing anyone ?
are you fully recovered ?
aren't you feeling well ?
ask me something easier .
atoms are in everything .
both teams are unbeaten .
bring along your friend .
bring me the dictionary .
can anybody else answer ?
can you swim underwater ?
can't you speak english ?
carry the bags upstairs .
cats don't need collars .
children are our future .
children play with toys .
classes start on monday .
could we meet privately ?
days are getting longer .
did anybody notice this ?
did anyone say anything ?
did everybody hear that ?
did you study yesterday ?
do you recognize anyone ?
do you translate lyrics ?
do you watch television ?
does tom want something ?
does she like chocolate ?
don't ask any questions .
don't be so pessimistic .
don't bother getting up .
don't cross this bridge .
don't do anything silly .
don't drink any alcohol .
don't eat between meals .
don't forget the drinks .
don't forget the ticket .
don't forget your money .
don't forget your phone .
don't forget your stuff .
don't hurt anybody else .
don't make abrupt moves .
don't make stupid jokes .
don't speak in japanese .
don't state the obvious .
don't talk during class .
don't tell tom anything .
don't touch that button !
don't touch the flowers .
don't waste your breath .
don't you feel anything ?
don't you like baseball ?
don't you like swimming ?
don't you pay attention ?
even i don't understand .
even children know that .
every client has rights .
everybody here knows me .
everybody needs a hobby .
everyone knows his name .
everyone seems to agree .
everyone smiled but tom .
everything here is mine .
father has gone fishing .
fresh food is wonderful .
get control of yourself .
give me another example .
good morning , everybody .
goodbyes are always sad .
great minds think alike .
has the climate changed ?
have something to drink .
have they made progress ?
have you already chosen ?
haven't you eaten lunch ?
he abandoned his family .
he abused my confidence .
he abuses his authority .
he barely escaped death .
he betrayed his country .
he burned himself badly .
he concentrated on that .
he doesn't drink coffee .
he doesn't know english .
he doesn't like oranges .
he draws straight lines .
he enjoyed those visits .
he has enough willpower .
he hasn't done anything .
he is rather optimistic .
he just wants attention .
he likes anything sweet .
he married a stewardess .
he neglected his duties .
he neglects his studies .
he never drinks alcohol .
he publicly insulted me .
he sometimes loses hope .
he sometimes watches tv .
he sounds very immature .
he speaks japanese well .
he speaks broken french .
he speaks ten languages .
he thinks that's normal .
he traveled on business .
he twirled his mustache .
he unbuttoned his shirt .
he wants something more .
he was elected chairman .
he was painfully skinny .
he was talking nonsense .
he was visibly bothered .
he witnessed the murder .
he's a community leader .
he's addicted to heroin .
he's an italian teacher .
he's been drinking beer .
he's certain to succeed .
he's cleaning his rifle .
he's dating my daughter .
he's feeling really low .
he's fluent in japanese .
he's good at arithmetic .
he's hopelessly in love .
he's hungry and thirsty .
he's my younger brother .
he's painting his house .
he's really into soccer .
he's sketching an apple .
her kindness touched me .
her teacher praised her .
her voice doesn't carry .
here's my email address .
here's my return ticket .
his behavior puzzled me .
his childhood was harsh .
his eyesight is failing .
his heart beated slowly .
his students adored him .
how can you concentrate ?
how's the project going ?
how's the weather there ?
how's your married life ?
how's your morning been ?
i accept your challenge .
i actually enjoyed that .
i answered the question .
i appreciate the effort .
i believe in friendship .
i bought this yesterday .
i can't really complain .
i can't really remember .
i can't stand hospitals .
i could hear everything .
i couldn't do otherwise .
i couldn't find anybody .
i couldn't help yawning .
i did something similar .
i didn't rescue anybody .
i didn't spend anything .
i didn't touch anything .
i didn't work yesterday .
i didn't write anything .
i don't trust strangers .
i don't understand this .
i enjoy taking pictures .
i enjoyed the attention .
i feel itchy everywhere .
i feel like celebrating .
i find that fascinating .
i find you irresistible .
i forgot my medications .
i got tickets yesterday .
i guess that's possible .
i had something planned .
i hate mary's boyfriend .
i hate myself sometimes .
i hate surprise parties .
i have another question .
i have backstage passes .
i have tried everything .
i heard someone whistle .
i helped them yesterday .
i hope they're friendly .
i just don't understand .
i left everything there .
i like playing baseball .
i like your personality .
i majored in psychology .
i must've been dreaming .
i need political asylum .
i need your cooperation .
i often have nightmares .
i ordered new furniture .
i play volleyball often .
i prefer warmer weather .
i question your choices .
i question your loyalty .
i really enjoyed myself .
i received your message .
i refrain from drinking .
i remember that feeling .
i should've expected it .
i shouldn't be laughing .
i shrugged my shoulders .
i speak from experience .
i studied before supper .
i studied it thoroughly .
i suddenly became dizzy .
i suggest you cooperate .
i suppose it's possible .
i suppose you're hungry .
i think that's horrible .
i think we're neighbors .
i think you're bluffing .
i thought everyone knew .
i thought you'd changed .
i want more information .
i want some information .
i want something better .
i was feeling confident .
i was feeling nostalgic .
i was terribly offended .
i wasn't born yesterday .
i'd heard you'd changed .
i'll be absent tomorrow .
i'll certainly miss her .
i'll certainly miss him .
i'll have you committed .
i'll take this umbrella .
i'll visit him tomorrow .
i'm acquainted with tom .
i'm allergic to seafood .
i'm always very nervous .
i'm an american citizen .
i'm disappointed in you .
i'm dripping with sweat .
i'm feeling much better .
i'm happy and satisfied .
i'm just looking around .
i'm looking for someone .
i'm nervous and excited .
i'm no one's girlfriend .
i'm not a perfectionist .
i'm not advocating that .
i'm not easily offended .
i'm not married anymore .
i'm not saying anything .
i'm nothing without you .
i'm open to suggestions .
i'm perfectly all right .
i'm really stressed out .
i'm seeing them tonight .
i'm still not impressed .
i'm still not satisfied .
i'm taking it seriously .
i'm tired of everything .
i'm tired of pretending .
i've always trusted tom .
i've been following you .
i've just been punished .
i've never forgiven tom .
invite whoever you like .
is tom still interested ?
is everything all right ?
is it something serious ?
is my explanation clear ?
is this normal behavior ?
is this sterling silver ?
is this water drinkable ?
is this your girlfriend ?
is your car comfortable ?
it all happened quickly .
it was sunday yesterday .
it was a miscalculation .
it was cloudy yesterday .
it was truly depressing .
it wouldn't surprise me .
it's a bit intimidating .
it's a fascinating read .
it's a legitimate worry .
it's all total nonsense .
it's almost six o'clock .
it's an ongoing process .
it's awfully cold today .
it's computer - generated .
it's great for families .
it's healthy and normal .
it's just an expression .
it's kind of comforting .
it's kind of disgusting .
it's no laughing matter .
it's no use complaining .
it's not dinnertime yet .
it's not rocket science .
it's not that different .
it's not that difficult .
it's popular with women .
it's really windy today .
it's the correct answer .
it's worth checking out .
just answer my question .
keep this window closed .
kennedy airport , please .
kyoto is worth visiting .
leave no stone unturned .
let me introduce myself .
let's eat lunch outside .
let's keep this private .
let's not argue anymore .
let's not kid ourselves .
lychees taste of grapes .
manpower was no problem .
many sailors can't swim .
mary's parents hate tom .
maybe it's not possible .
maybe that'll be enough .
maybe that's the reason .
money is not everything .
more research is needed .
most boys like baseball .
mother approved my plan .
my brother doesn't swim .
my camera is waterproof .
my children like school .
my computer's acting up .
my daughter was cheated .
my father drives safely .
my father quit drinking .
my father seldom smokes .
my girlfriend is crying .
my parents were furious .
my right shoulder hurts .
my toe started bleeding .
no one's that desperate .
no students were absent .
nobody can escape death .
nobody knows the answer .
not everyone enjoyed it .
nothing happened to tom .
nothing makes tom happy .
people are still scared .
please answer the phone .
please ask someone else .
please bring the others .
please close the window .
please contact me later .
please keep me informed .
please leave right away .
please lower the window .
please open the package .
police arrested one man .
put the garbage outside .
school's out for summer .
she asked him questions .
she doesn't like soccer .
she doesn't mince words .
she easily catches cold .
she hardly ate anything .
she has attractive eyes .
she hates country music .
she is blackmailing him .
she is getting prettier .
she is very hardworking .
she is very intelligent .
she knows many proverbs .
she prefers quiet music .
she really looks pretty .
she shuddered with cold .
she speaks spanish well .
she speaks good english .
she spoke japanese well .
she was falsely accused .
she'll love him forever .
she'll succeed for sure .
she's a soccer champion .
she's heating the water .
she's much better today .
she's no spring chicken .
she's the teacher's pet .
show me another example .
somebody is watching me .
somebody made a mistake .
someone broke my camera .
someone is watching tom .
someone is watching you .
someone stole my wallet .
something is very wrong .
sometimes i get jealous .
spiders have eight legs .
state your case briefly .
steel traps are illegal .
summer vacation is soon .
take care of yourselves !
take out your notebooks .
take whichever you like .
take whichever you want .
tell them what happened .
thank you for listening .
thanks for reminding me .
thanks for the memories .
that boy is intelligent .
that coffee smells good .
that could be difficult .
that couldn't be helped .
that dictionary is mine .
that doesn't seem right .
that doesn't sound good .
that idea is ridiculous .
that is so embarrassing .
that makes things clear .
that man looks familiar .
that might be difficult .
that really isn't funny .
that was really intense .
that would be fantastic .
that's a brilliant idea .
that's a generous offer .
that's a wonderful idea .
that's all that matters .
that's beside the point .
that's clearly not true .
that's enough for today .
that's exactly my point .
that's not exactly true .
that's not my signature .
that's not so important .
that's not very elegant .
that's plenty for today .
that's really not funny .
that's very good advice .
the author is brazilian .
the baby stopped crying .
the boy remained silent .
the children are scared .
the climate is changing .
the contract was signed .
the crops have withered .
the curtain caught fire .
the curtains are closed .
the dangers are obvious .
the dog started barking .
the dog stopped barking .
the dog walked backward .
the doorbell is ringing .
the engine doesn't work .
the funeral is tomorrow .
the furniture was dusty .
the heater doesn't work .
the holidays are coming .
the imposter was caught .
the jail is overcrowded .
the machine's yours now .
the news quickly spread .
the night's still young .
the noise was deafening .
the pain was unbearable .
the pleasure's all mine .
the report is incorrect .
the restaurant is empty .
the shower doesn't work .
the spoken word matters .
the streets are flooded .
the supermarket is open .
the universe is endless .
the water's really nice .
the weather is terrible .
the weather was perfect .
the world isn't perfect .
their car overtook ours .
their muscles are stiff .
their sales are growing .
there are several exits .
there were 30 survivors .
there were no railroads .
there were no survivors .
there's a party tonight .
there's another way out .
there's no other choice .
there's no right answer .
there's no stopping now .
there's no toilet paper .
there's no turning back .
there's not enough food .
there's not enough time .
there's nothing up here .
there's nowhere to hide .
there's plenty of light .
there's plenty of water .
these apples are rotten .
these are the originals .
these flowers are dying .
they abandoned the plan .
they abandoned the ship .
they adopted the orphan .
they all need attention .
they are both unmarried .
they are gathering nuts .
they are going shopping .
they are sensible girls .
they are still children .
they arranged a meeting .
they attacked the enemy .
they began a discussion .
they changed the system .
they chased others away .
they crossed the border .
they didn't act quickly .
they fought for freedom .
they had good chemistry .
they have already begun .
they have two daughters .
they know what happened .
they may leave tomorrow .
they reached their goal .
they were not impressed .
they were very confused .
they'll be here tonight .
they're all on vacation .
they're all watching tv .
they're all watching us .
they're headed this way .
they're looking for tom .
they're looking for you .
they're not coming back .
they're right behind me .
they're waiting for you .
they've missed the boat .
things are looking good .
think about your future .
this animal is friendly .
this can't happen again .
this dictionary is mine .
this doesn't feel right .
this doesn't make sense .
this food smells rotten .
this heat is unbearable .
this house is abandoned .
this house is fireproof .
this is all unnecessary .
this is getting awkward .
this is perfectly legal .
this is very impressive .
this is very surprising .
this isn't so difficult .
this man is incompetent .
this might interest you .
this paragraph is vague .
this probably means war .
this river is beautiful .
this room gets sunshine .
this smells like cheese .
this sounds about right .
this stuff tastes awful .
this table isn't steady .
this won't happen again .
those are all important .
time travel is possible .
today's special is fish .
tom abandoned that idea .
tom bandaged mary's arm .
tom began fixing dinner .
tom brushed mary's hair .
tom certainly fooled me .
tom could sell anything .
tom couldn't be happier .
tom declined to comment .
tom deserves a vacation .
tom did nothing illegal .
tom didn't believe mary .
tom does volunteer work .
tom doesn't like cheese .
tom doesn't mince words .
tom doesn't smile often .
tom fired his secretary .
tom grabbed mary's hand .
tom greeted me politely .
tom is already sleeping .
tom is hiding something .
tom is hiding somewhere .
tom is insanely jealous .
tom is preparing dinner .
tom is really ambitious .
tom is really motivated .
tom isn't very athletic .
tom knows it's hopeless .
tom looked really tired .
tom looks happier today .
tom loves sports events .
tom never was ambitious .
tom opened the curtains .
tom poisoned mary's dog .
tom really likes chopin .
tom really sounds upset .
tom rubbed his forehead .
tom sealed the envelope .
tom seemed fairly happy .
tom seemed very excited .
tom seldom eats seafood .
tom signed the contract .
tom sliced the tomatoes .
tom swallowed his pride .
tom talked about boston .
tom thinks you're lying .
tom unfolded his napkin .
tom was caught speeding .
tom won't be successful .
tom's room wasn't clean .
tomorrow is another day .
tomorrow is my birthday .
tonight would be better .
try to control yourself .
use the manual override .
was anyone else injured ?
water expands with heat .
we appreciate your help .
we are having breakfast .
we are studying spanish .
we bought new furniture .
we can't guarantee that .
we could've done better .
we discussed the matter .
we elected him chairman .
we found tom's umbrella .
we have no alternatives .
we have our differences .
we haven't even started .
we improved the quality .
we might find something .
we need some volunteers .
we need your assistance .
we talked quite frankly .
we were always together .
we were fully satisfied .
we'd appreciate a reply .
we'll all work together .
we'll always be friends .
we're closed on mondays .
we're not convinced yet .
we're not desperate yet .
we're not entirely sure .
we're on speaking terms .
we're out of ammunition .
we're smarter than that .
we've been there before .
we've said our goodbyes .
we've talked about that .
were the windows closed ?
were there any problems ?
were you busy yesterday ?
what a beautiful garden !
what a beautiful sunset !
what are the conditions ?
what are you suggesting ?
what is the temperature ?
what nationality is tom ?
what teams were playing ?
what was tom's reaction ?
what were you expecting ?
what're you doing today ?
what're you looking for ?
what's going on tonight ?
what's he talking about ?
what's that bird called ?
what's the weather like ?
what's with the luggage ?
what's your maiden name ?
where are my cigarettes ?
where are our umbrellas ?
where are the lifeboats ?
where are the paintings ?
where are the prisoners ?
where are they swimming ?
where are your children ?
where is the difference ?
where is the toothpaste ?
where was your daughter ?
where's your father now ?
who caused the accident ?
who moved the furniture ?
who wants hot chocolate ?
who's coming for dinner ?
who's that cute redhead ?
who's your date tonight ?
whose glasses are these ?
why don't men hibernate ?
words can't describe it .
work is behind schedule .
write your address here .
you are really annoying .
you are very courageous .
you can't come tomorrow .
you can't help yourself .
you can't intimidate us .
you can't stop progress .
you don't know anything .
you don't look japanese .
you dropped your pencil .
you have beautiful hair .
you have beautiful lips .
you have no alternative .
you look very dignified .
you really are hopeless .
you really are pathetic .
you should have stopped .
you should quit smoking .
you should study harder .
you should've called me .
you shouldn't trust tom .
you spilled your coffee .
you think of everything .
you won't be interested .
you wouldn't believe it .
you'd better believe it .
you'll change your mind .
you'll get into trouble .
you'll know soon enough .
you're blocking my view .
you're driving too fast .
you're my kid's teacher .
you're not helping much .
you're not missing much .
you're not welcome here .
you're right about that .
you're scaring the kids .
you're so cute together .
you're three hours late .
you're wasting our time .
you've gotta be kidding !
you've never been happy .
your car handles easily .
your friends sound nice .
your hat's on backwards .
your house is fantastic .
your name was mentioned .
your pants are unzipped .
your parents were right .
a sponge absorbs liquids .
almost everyone was late .
am i disturbing anything ?
any comments are welcome .
anyone can make mistakes .
are these your daughters ?
are you a paleontologist ?
are you expecting anyone ?
are you here voluntarily ?
are you hiding something ?
are you speaking english ?
are you still interested ?
are you studying english ?
bad news travels quickly .
barking dogs seldom bite .
birds fly long distances .
both were extremely rich .
buffaloes have big horns .
choose between these two .
christmas is coming soon .
clearly you are mistaken .
congress passed the bill .
consider it an emergency .
curiosity killed the cat .
cut the cloth diagonally .
darwin changed the world .
did i interrupt anything ?
did anybody see anything ?
did you forget something ?
do you remember anything ?
do you understand french ?
doesn't that smell great ?
don't change the subject .
don't do anything stupid .
don't dodge the question .
don't even bother coming .
don't forget the receipt .
don't forget your things .
don't forget your ticket .
don't kill the messenger .
don't look so suspicious .
don't make this personal .
don't play baseball here .
don't take any prisoners .
don't take it personally .
don't tell my girlfriend .
don't try god's patience .
don't try anything funny .
don't worry about others .
don't you recognize them ?
everybody knows his name .
everybody knows the news .
everybody laughed at tom .
everybody loves a winner .
everyone praises the boy .
everything has a purpose .
everything was very good .
faith can move mountains .
father manages the store .
finish your work quickly .
fire is always dangerous .
germs can cause sickness .
get your things together .
good luck convincing him .
good students study hard .
has this happened before ?
have you been mistreated ?
have you decided already ?
he admitted his mistakes .
he appeared from nowhere .
he arrived shortly after .
he barely speaks english .
he can't control himself .
he couldn't help himself .
he denied it immediately .
he denied the accusation .
he disregarded my advice .
he doesn't drink anymore .
he doesn't understand me .
he dropped the anchovies .
he extinguished the fire .
he got wonderful results .
he had trouble breathing .
he is always complaining .
he is seeking employment .
he likes new experiences .
he never breaks promises .
he noticed straight away .
he received me cordially .
he repeated his question .
he resigned as president .
he saved himself somehow .
he seemed really nervous .
he speaks fluent english .
he succeeded in business .
he suffered great losses .
he survived the accident .
he talks very cheerfully .
he taught himself french .
he understands the risks .
he was declared bankrupt .
he was elected president .
he won many competitions .
he's a powerful sorcerer .
he's a strange character .
he's an excellent kisser .
he's cruel and heartless .
he's feeling much better .
he's greedy and ruthless .
he's really good looking .
he's smart and ambitious .
heat expands most things .
her attitude disgusts me .
her silence surprised me .
her speech was excellent .
her viewpoint is limited .
here's my account number .
his argument was logical .
his name sounds familiar .
his parents were furious .
his silence surprised me .
his story sounds strange .
horses sleep standing up .
how about going swimming ?
how come we're different ?
how's married life going ?
how's your little sister ?
how's your new apartment ?
i accept your conditions .
i acted without thinking .
i admire their ingenuity .
i admire your confidence .
i admire your dedication .
i appreciate the support .
i appreciate the thought .
i appreciate your advice .
i arrived here yesterday .
i believe that's correct .
i can't explain anything .
i can't promise anything .
i can't remember exactly .
i checked tom's computer .
i couldn't stop laughing .
i didn't change anything .
i didn't get discouraged .
i didn't understand that .
i dislocated my shoulder .
i don't understand music .
i don't understand opera .
i don't understand women .
i found that fascinating .
i hadn't considered that .
i have certain standards .
i hear footsteps outside .
i heard somebody talking .
i heard someone knocking .
i heard someone shouting .
i hope you'll reconsider .
i just arrived yesterday .
i know something's wrong .
i like tom's personality .
i like this neighborhood .
i missed the competition .
i never murdered anybody .
i never would've guessed .
i ordered two hamburgers .
i owe somebody something .
i prefer plain materials .
i really appreciate this .
i received an invitation .
i recorded the interview .
i should've known better .
i smell something rotten .
i study japanese history .
i suppose that's allowed .
i think it's fascinating .
i think that's wonderful .
i think they're students .
i thought you understood .
i traveled around europe .
i understand the problem .
i was absolutely stunned .
i was completely shocked .
i was slightly surprised .
i'd appreciate your help .
i'd rather not interfere .
i'll always remember you .
i'll drive you somewhere .
i'll eat something light .
i'll follow you anywhere .
i'll tell you afterwards .
i'm a university student .
i'm also learning french .
i'm crazy about football .
i'm feeding the goldfish .
i'm getting sleepy again .
i'm just getting started .
i'm leaving you tomorrow .
i'm looking after myself .
i'm making a documentary .
i'm not completely naive .
i'm not drinking tonight .
i'm not driving anywhere .
i'm not easily impressed .
i'm not expecting anyone .
i'm not gambling anymore .
i'm not getting involved .
i'm not inspired anymore .
i'm not overly concerned .
i'm not selling anything .
i'm not signing anything .
i'm not thinking clearly .
i'm sorry for everything .
i'm trying something new .
i'm willing to apologize .
i've always liked soccer .
i've been very impressed .
i've forgotten about her .
i've just finished lunch .
i've never considered it .
i've painted the ceiling .
is it something pressing ?
is that really important ?
is the response positive ?
is there something there ?
is there something wrong ?
is this price acceptable ?
is this really happening ?
is this really spaghetti ?
is this sentence correct ?
is this typewriter yours ?
it could get complicated .
it doesn't cost anything .
it doesn't mean anything !
it doesn't really matter .
it rained hard yesterday .
it snowed hard yesterday .
it was raining yesterday .
it was really incredible .
it's a complete disaster .
it's a risky proposition .
it's against my religion .
it's all about technique .
it's an american company .
it's an incredible sight .
it's crowded again today .
it's kind of complicated .
it's no longer available .
it's not anybody's fault .
it's not legally binding .
it's not our anniversary .
it's not that noticeable .
it's not that ridiculous .
it's only getting bigger .
it's pitch black outside .
it's really cold tonight .
it's six o'clock already .
it's the house specialty .
it's working as intended .
jeans go with everything .
just about everyone came .
just answer the question .
keep your cigarettes dry .
laughter filled the room .
let's change the subject .
let's go and investigate .
let's play some football .
let's stop this argument .
let's welcome our guests .
lightning hit that tower .
look out for pickpockets .
looks are not everything .
many americans are obese .
mary has stopped smoking .
mary is tom's stepmother .
most students study hard .
mother prepared us lunch .
my approach is different .
my cholesterol went down .
my father is intelligent .
my fingertips are frozen .
my friend studies korean .
my girlfriend is chinese .
my girlfriend was crying .
my mom is overprotective .
my shoelaces came undone .
my sister started crying .
my wife looked surprised .
no one would've listened .
nobody answered the door .
nobody asked me anything .
nobody tells me anything .
nothing has been decided .
nothing will distract us .
our sales are decreasing .
pay very close attention .
people are getting antsy .
people lived in villages .
perhaps you are mistaken .
plants die without water .
please choose one person .
please don't tell anyone .
please don't waste water .
please send an ambulance .
please sign this receipt .
please speak more slowly .
please wait five minutes .
please water the flowers .
politics leaves him cold .
practice what you preach .
prices continued to rise .
raisins are dried grapes .
read the label carefully .
safety is not guaranteed .
science is very exciting .
she allegedly killed him .
she also likes chocolate .
she attended the meeting .
she burned with jealousy .
she didn't visit anybody .
she disliked her husband .
she divorced her husband .
she doesn't drink coffee .
she has good handwriting .
she majored in economics .
she performed her duties .
she refused his proposal .
she rejected my proposal .
she screamed with terror .
she speaks ten languages .
she stopped our fighting .
she suddenly fell silent .
she unbuttoned her shirt .
she was painfully skinny .
she went there yesterday .
she's a determined woman .
she's fixing the machine .
she's teaching us french .
she's wearing eye shadow .
she's wearing high heels .
skip the boring chapters .
someone broke the window .
someone entered the room .
someone scratched my car .
someone spiked her drink .
someone stole my bicycle .
speak slowly and clearly .
spouses are also welcome .
stop speaking in riddles .
stop worrying about that .
sugar dissolves in water .
supplies were no problem .
thanks for supporting me .
thanks for your comments .
that assumption is wrong .
that coin is counterfeit .
that doesn't surprise me .
that goes without saying .
that hasn't happened yet .
that makes no difference .
that might actually work .
that might change things .
that perfume smells good .
that sounds really great .
that was his catchphrase .
that was totally amazing .
that was very reassuring .
that wasn't tom's choice .
that wasn't my intention .
that would embarrass tom .
that's a beautiful dress .
that's a different story .
that's a fair assumption .
that's a lovely necklace .
that's a ridiculous idea .
that's against the rules .
that's all that happened .
that's already been done .
that's an excellent idea .
that's important to know .
that's kind of important .
that's my favorite chair .
that's not entirely true .
that's not important now .
that's not really enough .
that's not very original .
that's not very romantic .
that's not what happened .
that's probably not true .
that's what i'm thinking .
that's what tom promised .
that's what interests me .
that's what terrifies me .
the apples are delicious .
the change was immediate .
the coffeepot is boiling .
the context is important .
the crankshaft is broken .
the door opened suddenly .
the door remained closed .
the effect was immediate .
the engine started again .
the game became exciting .
the heat is overwhelming .
the jury is deliberating .
the man committed murder .
the orchestra is playing .
the restaurant was quiet .
the rumor spread quickly .
the smell was unbearable .
the snow stopped falling .
the soldiers opened fire .
the students all laughed .
the train gathered speed .
the tree stopped growing .
the weather has improved .
the weather was gorgeous .
the weather's nice today .
the women have umbrellas .
then what's your problem ?
there isn't any solution .
there isn't anybody else .
there isn't anybody here .
there's a secret passage .
there's been an accident .
there's no more ointment .
there's not enough water .
these things aren't mine !
these trousers are dirty .
they accepted each other .
they all looked relieved .
they already got married .
they are very compatible .
they attained their goal .
they attempted to escape .
they caught him stealing .
they could've killed you .
they cultivated the land .
they didn't see anything .
they don't speak spanish .
they finished their meal .
they had different ideas .
they have twin daughters .
they haven't arrived yet .
they love their children .
they missed the deadline .
they probably don't know .
they went whale watching .
they were all hysterical .
they were playing tennis .
they were spending money .
they were taken prisoner .
they're not always right .
they're not following me .
they're not my prisoners .
they're playing our song .
they're right behind you .
they're terrified of you .
things are looking great .
this amount includes tax .
this book is interesting .
this box contains apples .
this building is ancient .
this carpet is beautiful .
this castle is beautiful .
this clock isn't working .
this coffee tastes great .
this doesn't involve you .
this doesn't sound right .
this gate needs painting .
this is highly irregular .
this is most unfortunate .
this is private property .
this noise is unbearable .
this piece doesn't match .
this place is disgusting .
this price is reasonable .
this question isn't easy .
this really is something .
this room is comfortable .
time passed very quickly .
timing is very important .
today is september first .
today is valentine's day .
tom abandoned his family .
tom comes from australia .
tom could barely breathe .
tom couldn't kill anyone .
tom decided to cooperate .
tom deserves a promotion .
tom deserves much better .
tom didn't want anything .
tom doesn't deserve this .
tom doesn't drink coffee .
tom doesn't eat properly .
tom doesn't look pleased .
tom doesn't sound scared .
tom doesn't speak french .
tom enjoys telling jokes .
tom has narrow shoulders .
tom has trouble sleeping .
tom is extremely patient .
tom is obviously worried .
tom is quite cooperative .
tom is rather optimistic .
tom isn't mary's husband .
tom isn't doing anything .
tom isn't very ambitious .
tom isn't very confident .
tom looks extremely busy .
tom loves being outdoors .
tom needs a prescription .
tom scrubbed the bathtub .
tom seems pretty excited .
tom should've eaten more .
tom shouldn't trust mary .
tom signed the documents .
tom sounded really upset .
tom visited mary's grave .
tom was absent yesterday .
tom was bleeding heavily .
tom was getting agitated .
tom wasn't badly injured .
tom watched tv yesterday .
tom works in advertising .
tom's family is powerful .
tomorrow is mother's day .
tomorrow is her birthday .
turn down the television .
unfortunately , it's true .
was the book interesting ?
wasn't he your boyfriend ?
watch where you're going !
we all have stomachaches .
we believe it's possible .
we complement each other .
we couldn't convince him .
we danced until midnight .
we didn't learn anything .
we discussed the problem .
we don't trust strangers .
we elected him president .
we have tried everything .
we should study together .
we understand each other .
we won't change anything .
we'd better do something .
we'll always be together .
we'll visit you tomorrow .
we're just like brothers .
we're managing all right .
we're not doing anything .
we're not going anywhere .
we've endured three wars .
we've lost valuable time .
we've made good progress .
we've solved the problem .
were there any witnesses ?
what a beautiful picture !
what a beautiful rainbow !
what a beautiful sweater !
what a pleasant surprise !
what alleviates the pain ?
what an attractive woman !
what an interesting book !
what are your conditions ?
what are your intentions ?
what happened after that ?
what happened last night ?
what is your destination ?
what's causing the delay ?
what's making this sound ?
what's that your wearing ?
what's the big emergency ?
what's this really about ?
what's your biggest fear ?
what's your home address ?
what's your phone number ?
what's your real purpose ?
when is the intermission ?
where are your suitcases ?
where is tom's classroom ?
where were you stationed ?
where were you yesterday ?
where's that coming from ?
where's the light switch ?
where's this coming from ?
who does your decorating ?
who painted this picture ?
who's your favorite poet ?
why aren't you listening ?
why don't you understand ?
why's everybody so quiet ?
words cannot describe it .
yeast makes beer ferment .
you are absolutely right .
you are completely wrong .
you are entirely correct .
you are imagining things .
you are incredibly naive .
you are very insensitive .
you can watch television .
you can't blame yourself .
you can't see everything .
you cannot buy happiness .
you control your destiny .
you don't seem convinced .
you have beautiful hands .
you really are something .
you should exercise more .
you should know yourself .
you should stop drinking .
you should use deodorant .
you speak fluent english .
you won't catch anything .
you're a good journalist .
you're a terrible dancer .
you're a terrible person .
you're a wonderful woman .
you're always nagging me .
you're blocking my light .
you're full of surprises .
you're in serious danger .
you're looking very well .
you're missing the point .
you're not a millionaire .
you're not alone anymore .
you're not impressing me .
you're not my girlfriend .
you're not young anymore .
you're spoiling the mood .
you're such a tattletale .
you're twisting my words .
you're wasting your time .
you've arrived too early .
you've been very helpful .
you've lost your marbles .
your french is improving .
your criticism is unfair .
your daughter's on drugs .
all graduates are invited .
all the prisoners escaped .
am i disturbing something ?
anybody can become famous .
are they actually friends ?
are you enjoying yourself ?
are you expecting someone ?
aren't those your parents ?
athletes are no different .
bears are quite dangerous .
beggars can't be choosers .
bring your children along .
bulgarian is like russian .
call a doctor immediately .
camels have three eyelids .
can you remember anything ?
children can't drink wine .
children like fairy tales .
choose whichever you like .
choose whichever you want .
did i interrupt something ?
do martians speak english ?
does anyone know japanese ?
does anyone speak english ?
dogs are faithful animals .
don't blame the messenger .
don't do something stupid .
don't forget your costume .
don't get too comfortable .
don't get yourself killed .
don't ignore her feelings .
don't jump to conclusions .
don't sell yourself short .
donkeys are tough animals .
every movement is painful .
every season is different .
every word is significant .
everybody agrees with you .
everybody breaks this law .
everybody tasted the food .
everybody thinks i'm dead .
everyone loves that place .
everyone should know this .
everyone worked very hard .
everyone's laughing at us .
everything is on schedule .
exceptions prove the rule .
express your idea clearly .
father gave up cigarettes .
forty people were present .
further testing is needed .
germany borders on france .
good results are expected .
have you already finished ?
have you finished talking ?
he acknowledged his fault .
he acted without thinking .
he adores his grandfather .
he approached the station .
he betrayed my confidence .
he denied himself nothing .
he denies himself nothing .
he dislikes the principal .
he doesn't take vacations .
he doesn't understand you .
he felt perfectly content .
he found her irresistible .
he has excellent reflexes .
he is an environmentalist .
he kissed me passionately .
he narrowly escaped death .
he overslept this morning .
he passed the examination .
he removed his sunglasses .
he shrugged his shoulders .
he still hasn't responded .
he surprised his opponent .
he was appointed chairman .
he was quickly recaptured .
he wears designer glasses .
he's a university student .
he's always chasing girls .
he's running for congress .
he's young and attractive .
her hobby is bodybuilding .
his crime is unforgivable .
his mother speaks italian .
his story amused everyone .
his temperature is normal .
his words are meaningless .
honesty is very important .
how's your business going ?
i accepted her invitation .
i accepted his invitation .
i admire tom's dedication .
i apologize for yesterday .
i appreciate the courtesy .
i appreciate your concern .
i appreciate your support .
i bookmarked this website .
i can't really understand .
i didn't suspect anything .
i don't particularly care .
i don't remember anything .
i don't trust politicians .
i don't understand german .
i don't want distractions .
i hate being photographed .
i hate fluorescent lights .
i have another engagement .
i have another obligation .
i have business elsewhere .
i have difficulty chewing .
i haven't been successful .
i heard something outside .
i ironed the handkerchief .
i just realized something .
i learned something today .
i like instrumental music .
i must have misunderstood .
i need medical assistance .
i played soccer yesterday .
i prefer modern furniture .
i question your sincerity .
i reconsidered your offer .
i require your assistance .
i resent that implication .
i should congratulate you .
i simply don't understand .
i smell something burning .
i stopped drinking coffee .
i suddenly feel depressed .
i suppose that's possible .
i think everybody's happy .
i think everybody's tired .
i think that's everything .
i understand your concern .
i understand your dilemma .
i understand your problem .
i understand your reasons .
i understood it perfectly .
i wanted your cooperation .
i was eventually released .
i was knocked unconscious .
i was momentarily blinded .
i was terribly frightened .
i was totally dumbfounded .
i was wrongfully punished .
i wasn't cooking anything .
i wasn't paying attention .
i wasn't really listening .
i wasn't thinking clearly .
i withdrew my application .
i wouldn't recommend that .
i'd rather stay anonymous .
i'll answer that question .
i'll call her immediately .
i'll figure something out .
i'll leave boston tonight .
i'll never forgive myself .
i'll never understand you .
i'll remember you forever .
i'm a little disappointed .
i'm afraid of earthquakes .
i'm always under pressure .
i'm attaching three files .
i'm finishing my homework .
i'm just following orders .
i'm looking for batteries .
i'm majoring in sociology .
i'm not exactly surprised .
i'm not learning anything .
i'm not planning anything .
i'm reading the newspaper .
i'm sorry about yesterday .
i'm still shopping around .
i'm still studying french .
i'm studying kabuki drama .
i'm terrible at languages .
i'm watching the olympics .
i've always hated biology .
i've got something better .
i've just finished dinner .
is it something important ?
is there another solution ?
it doesn't matter anymore .
it seems very interesting .
it was really interesting .
it's a beautiful painting .
it's a complicated matter .
it's a difficult language .
it's a rough neighborhood .
it's almost midnight here .
it's already dark outside .
it's already nine o'clock .
it's an ambitious project .
it's an artificial flower .
it's difficult being rich .
it's getting dark outside .
it's kind of embarrassing .
it's not really necessary .
it's not that complicated .
it's not very complicated .
it's raining hard tonight .
it's really not important .
it's simple and intuitive .
it's somebody else's turn .
japanese houses are small .
just don't break anything .
learning french is useful .
leave my room immediately .
let's not get discouraged .
let's review the evidence .
luckily nobody got killed .
many attended his funeral .
many people are skeptical .
mary likes helping others .
mary's husband abused her .
maybe tom knows something .
maybe he'll come tomorrow .
mine is totally different .
mother nature is generous .
my business is prospering .
my daughter was premature .
my father stopped smoking .
no canadians were injured .
nobody answered the phone .
nobody trusts tom anymore .
nothing happens by chance .
nothing's going to happen .
organic food is healthier .
our business is expanding .
our teacher seldom laughs .
people can't live forever .
plastic boxes last longer .
please answer my question .
please bill us separately .
please correct the errors .
please empty your pockets .
procrastinating is an art .
put the luggage somewhere .
reading develops the mind .
reading improves the mind .
she always speaks english .
she displayed her talents .
she graduated with honors .
she knows her limitations .
she looked away terrified .
she lowered her standards .
she punished her children .
she refused my invitation .
she showers every morning .
she speaks fairly quickly .
she testified against him .
she traveled around japan .
she walked very carefully .
she's pregnant with twins .
she's smart and beautiful .
shouldn't you be studying ?
smoking harms your health .
smoking is forbidden here .
some snakes are poisonous .
somebody's made a mistake .
someone opened the window .
someone stole tom's money .
someone stole my passport .
something's going on here .
space travel is dangerous .
speak into the microphone .
stock prices fell quickly .
stock prices fell sharply .
stop changing the subject .
stop hitting your brother .
stop teasing your brother !
thanks for the compliment .
thanks for the correction .
that can happen sometimes .
that didn't really happen .
that is rather unexpected .
that isn't tom's suitcase .
that plan is unacceptable .
that scenario is unlikely .
that sounds very tempting .
that was perfectly normal .
that was really difficult .
that was really important .
that was very frustrating .
that was very interesting .
that would be interesting .
that would be unfortunate .
that'll cost thirty euros .
that's a complex question .
that's a depressing story .
that's a strange question .
that's all we're offering .
that's an excellent point .
that's my favorite excuse .
that's the absolute truth .
that's the right attitude .
that's what's worrying me .
the audience looked bored .
the chicken is overcooked .
the child painted flowers .
the company went bankrupt .
the competition is fierce .
the failure depressed him .
the fence needed painting .
the headlights don't work .
the kids are disappointed .
the kitchen is downstairs .
the man finally confessed .
the meeting was cancelled .
the movie was interesting .
the murderer was executed .
the pain was excruciating .
the plane increased speed .
the police chief resigned .
the population is growing .
the results were negative .
the situation is critical .
the situation is hopeless .
the sky looks threatening .
the stew smells delicious .
the system isn't flawless .
the train finally arrived .
the weather turned better .
there are no coincidences .
there aren't any problems .
there wasn't much traffic .
there's a restaurant here .
there's a serious problem .
there's nothing down here .
there's nothing to report .
there's one small problem .
there's something in here .
these boots are expensive .
they agreed on everything .
they amended the document .
they constructed a bridge .
they didn't pay attention .
they elected him chairman .
they had several children .
they should've noticed me .
they talked about culture .
they were left speechless .
they were plainly dressed .
they're anxious for peace .
they're not all criminals .
they're of no consequence .
they're young and healthy .
they've changed the rules .
this coffee tastes bitter .
this doesn't happen often .
this glass contains water .
this house needs painting .
this is extremely awkward .
this is getting difficult .
this is really impressive .
this is today's newspaper .
this is totally worthless .
this machine is worthless .
this sounds totally legit .
this won't solve anything .
time travel is impossible .
today is independence day .
tom became extremely weak .
tom can't control himself .
tom certainly fooled mary .
tom could sense something .
tom doesn't smoke anymore .
tom doesn't understand me .
tom doesn't use sunscreen .
tom got special treatment .
tom has eyesight problems .
tom ignored mary's advice .
tom is breathing normally .
tom is extremely cautious .
tom is extremely generous .
tom isn't married anymore .
tom isn't really canadian .
tom learned sign language .
tom looked very concerned .
tom looks extremely happy .
tom looks really relieved .
tom never fully recovered .
tom seemed very impressed .
tom seldom makes mistakes .
tom showed mary something .
tom unbuttoned his jacket .
tom understands the risks .
tom wants mary's approval .
tom wasn't expecting this .
tom wasn't very impressed .
tom's french is improving .
tomorrow is christmas day .
try to control yourselves .
twenty families live here .
two seats remained vacant .
wait until further notice .
was the movie interesting ?
watch out for pickpockets .
we agreed among ourselves .
we all agreed unanimously .
we can't satisfy everyone .
we don't control anything .
we have people everywhere .
we helped him financially .
we know you're interested .
we must leave immediately .
we should've tried harder .
we started before sunrise .
we weren't doing anything !
we'd like separate checks .
we'll always remember tom .
we'll be working together .
we're having some problem .
we're not friends anymore .
we're not getting married .
we're not living together .
we're not really brothers .
we've got bigger problems .
what about his girlfriend ?
what an inspiring speaker !
what an interesting party !
what are your conclusions ?
what caused the explosion ?
what is critical thinking ?
what're you talking about ?
what's all the excitement ?
what's that tall building ?
what's the problem anyway ?
what's this street called ?
what's your favorite band ?
what's your favorite game ?
what's your favorite poem ?
what's your favorite wine ?
what's your favorite word ?
what's your friend's name ?
what's your greatest fear ?
where are those prisoners ?
where's the train station ?
where's the whipped cream ?
who committed this murder ?
who invented this machine ?
who painted this painting ?
who's your french teacher ?
who's your favorite actor ?
whose handwriting is this ?
whose paintings are these ?
why is everybody shouting ?
wine helps with digestion .
write the address clearly .
you are easily distracted .
you can't believe anybody .
you can't skateboard here .
you can't tickle yourself .
you don't know everything .
you don't sound convinced .
you must control yourself .
you seem distracted today .
you should eat vegetables .
you should've notified us .
you shouldn't get married .
you won't be disappointed .
you'll get another chance .
you're a wonderful friend .
you're always saying that .
you're not being rational .
you're not entirely wrong .
you're not yourself today .
you're telling lies again .
you're wearing my pajamas .
you've misspelled my name .
your english is improving .
your boyfriend looks cute .
your house needs painting .
your plan seems excellent .
airplanes land at airports .
am i interrupting anything ?
are you implying something ?
are you studying chemistry ?
are you watching carefully ?
batteries are not included .
beef is expensive nowadays .
beware of pickpockets here .
blotting paper absorbs ink .
both spellings are correct .
boxers need quick reflexes .
boys are strange sometimes .
cats are nocturnal animals .
children grow very quickly .
christmas is december 25th .
classes will resume monday .
dad stretched after dinner .
didn't anyone question you ?
doctors removed the bullet .
does anybody need anything ?
does anyone speak japanese ?
don't ever think otherwise .
don't take this personally .
dreams sometimes come true .
electricity is very useful .
elephants have long trunks .
everybody has already left .
everybody started to leave .
everything is all arranged .
everything is so expensive .
everything was going great .
everything went as planned .
everything will be perfect .
everything'll be all right .
everything's all right now .
everything's taken care of .
father is watering flowers .
fishing is prohibited here .
flashy people irritate him .
friends do things together .
handle this very carefully .
have you finished dressing ?
he acknowledged his faults .
he acquired french quickly .
he calculated the expenses .
he deserves the punishment .
he dislocated his shoulder .
he fell asleep immediately .
he felt utterly humiliated .
he is mentally handicapped .
he is studying agriculture .
he makes necessary changes .
he occasionally visited me .
he often paints landscapes .
he proofread my manuscript .
he speaks chinese fluently .
he speaks english fluently .
he was clearly embarrassed .
he was knocked unconscious .
he was welcomed everywhere .
he's a democrat fundraiser .
he's a construction worker .
he's always reading comics .
he's definitely not coming .
he's different from before .
he's handsome and charming .
he's perfect at everything .
he's skilled at videogames .
her beauty is incomparable .
her complaints never cease .
here's my telephone number .
herold agreed to surrender .
his appearance deceived me .
his complaints never cease .
his girlfriend is japanese .
his prophecy was fulfilled .
his proposal was worthless .
home prices are plummeting .
how are complaints handled ?
how's everyone doing today ?
i anticipated his question .
i appreciate the sentiment .
i appreciate your kindness .
i appreciate your patience .
i can't explain everything .
i don't require assistance .
i don't understand english .
i figured you'd understand .
i must've missed something .
i never suspected anything .
i think everybody's hungry .
i think you're interesting .
i thought you'd understand .
i understand your feelings .
i understand your language .
i was pleasantly surprised .
i'll reconsider the matter .
i'll take attendance first .
i'm declaring an emergency .
i'm definitely going crazy .
i'm departing this evening .
i'm disappointed and angry .
i'm feeling very confident .
i'm not being unreasonable .
i'm working for mcdonald's .
i've always liked antiques .
i've always liked baseball .
i've forgotten my password .
i've forgotten your number .
i've just finished packing .
i've missed another chance .
is something bothering you ?
isn't that your dictionary ?
it makes little difference .
it's a complicated subject .
it's a huge responsibility .
it's a plausible diagnosis .
it's a questionable policy .
it's against my principles .
it's already seven o'clock .
it's crawling with spiders .
it's popular with students .
languages aren't his forte .
learning french takes time .
leave the room immediately .
let's get together tonight .
let's talk about australia .
let's talk before fighting .
let's watch something else .
lightning can be dangerous .
lightning struck his house .
lightning struck the tower .
meat is expensive nowadays .
money cannot buy happiness .
motorcycles are very cheap .
my brother is ambidextrous .
my college has dormitories .
my father stopped drinking .
my license was confiscated .
nobody noticed her absence .
not everyone was convinced .
not everyone was impressed .
nothing happened after all .
obviously , you volunteered .
old people deserve respect .
organic food tastes better .
our negotiations broke off .
our train stopped suddenly .
people have short memories .
please excuse my ignorance .
please stay within earshot .
prompt action is necessary .
reading books is important .
saddam rejected the demand .
say the alphabet backwards .
security will be tightened .
she abandoned her children .
she abstains from drinking .
she allegedly murdered him .
she didn't seem interested .
she doesn't understand you .
she especially likes music .
she greeted him cheerfully .
she has many handkerchiefs .
she ignores him completely .
she passed the examination .
she suddenly became famous .
she turned around suddenly .
smoking affects our health .
some civilians were killed .
some things are impossible .
someday you'll regret this .
something's happened to it .
something's not right here .
speaking english is useful .
thanks for the explanation .
thanks for the information .
that company went bankrupt .
that is completely useless .
that seems highly unlikely .
that sounds very important .
that voice sounds familiar .
that's an excellent choice .
that's an incredible story .
that's better than nothing .
that's definitely the goal .
that's his private website .
that's just not acceptable .
that's much more important .
that's not very reassuring .
that's precisely the point .
the chicken is undercooked .
the concert was successful .
the effects are reversible .
the house requires repairs .
the kids weren't impressed .
the medicine tastes bitter .
the objection is overruled .
the other students laughed .
the projector doesn't work .
the public demands answers .
the responsibility is mine .
the restaurant wasn't full .
the students have returned .
the telephone doesn't work .
the upstairs window opened .
the weather is threatening .
the weather remained rainy .
their teacher praised them .
there was blood everywhere .
there were no consequences .
there were no resignations .
these animals are friendly .
these are simple sentences .
these chairs are different .
these jewels are expensive .
these photos are beautiful .
these windows aren't clean .
they all killed themselves .
they called them scalawags .
they discussed the problem .
they elected her president .
they released the prisoner .
they remained good friends .
they were acting strangely .
they'll think of something .
they're cleaning the beach .
they're very close friends .
they've crossed the border .
this chicken is overcooked .
this coffee is undrinkable .
this computer doesn't work .
this dictionary isn't mine .
this directly concerns tom .
this idea is controversial .
this is a misunderstanding .
this is highly inefficient .
this is really humiliating .
this plan requires secrecy .
this surprised many people .
this water isn't drinkable .
this window is bulletproof .
this would be catastrophic .
this yogurt tastes strange .
tom became very aggressive .
tom couldn't stop laughing .
tom declined my invitation .
tom didn't seem suspicious .
tom died from tuberculosis .
tom disappeared last month .
tom doesn't like computers .
tom doesn't take vacations .
tom doesn't understand you .
tom emigrated to australia .
tom eventually calmed down .
tom explained the decision .
tom got remarried recently .
tom has constructive ideas .
tom has enormous potential .
tom has excellent reflexes .
tom is always dissatisfied .
tom is genuinely concerned .
tom is quite authoritative .
tom is surprisingly strong .
tom isn't mary's boyfriend .
tom isn't paying attention .
tom isn't very imaginative .
tom kissed mary's forehead .
tom makes everyone nervous .
tom must've been surprised .
tom noticed mary's mistake .
tom really likes chocolate .
tom really likes traveling .
tom should've invited mary .
tom speaks french fluently .
tom tripped over something .
tom unwrapped his sandwich .
tom uses anabolic steroids .
tom was extremely impolite .
tom wasn't there yesterday .
tom watched them carefully .
tom's behavior has changed .
tom's reply surprised mary .
tom's shoelaces are untied .
wasn't she your girlfriend ?
we accepted his invitation .
we heard screaming outside .
we played tennis yesterday .
we sometimes make mistakes .
we talked about everything .
we'll figure something out .
we're all working together .
we're almost like brothers .
we're buying movie tickets .
we're heading for disaster .
we're not getting anywhere .
we're not together anymore .
weren't you here yesterday ?
what a wonderful invention !
what an interesting theory !
what are your measurements ?
what happened was horrible .
what's tom's office number ?
what's everyone staring at ?
what's your favorite candy ?
what's your favorite fruit ?
what's your favorite movie ?
what's your favorite sport ?
where's convenient for you ?
where's that movie showing ?
where's the nearest church ?
where's the nearest museum ?
where's your other brother ?
who invented the telephone ?
who organized that meeting ?
who painted these pictures ?
who's your favorite writer ?
why can't people hibernate ?
why don't people hibernate ?
wouldn't that be something ?
you are absolutely correct .
you are always complaining .
you are deceiving yourself .
you are unbelievably naive .
you don't look comfortable .
you look wonderful tonight .
you must start immediately .
you played hooky yesterday ?
you're an interesting girl .
you're not fooling anybody .
you're not sleeping enough .
you're testing my patience .
you've certainly been busy .
your children look healthy .
your mother died yesterday .
am i interrupting something ?
are you mentally challenged ?
both brothers are musicians .
brothers should not quarrel .
children often hate spinach .
choose your favorite racket .
corporations are not people .
crying won't solve anything .
don't forget your sunscreen .
don't you remember anything ?
everyone is getting fidgety .
everything is under control .
father recovered his health .
few people have typewriters .
french developed from latin .
further testing is required .
has something else happened ?
have confidence in yourself .
have you considered therapy ?
he composes beautiful poems .
he considered himself lucky .
he continued the experiment .
he is tremendously handsome .
he often quotes shakespeare .
he received rough treatment .
he speaks russian perfectly .
he studied military history .
he studies american history .
he suddenly stopped talking .
he takes everything lightly .
he tendered his resignation .
he was pleasantly surprised .
he's a freelance journalist .
he's an independent thinker .
he's checking his cellphone .
her anger is understandable .
her cardigan was unbuttoned .
his anger is understandable .
his opinion was unimportant .
humans originated in africa .
i admire your determination .
i appreciate the compliment .
i appreciate the invitation .
i appreciate your restraint .
i appreciate your situation .
i appreciate your vigilance .
i consider myself fortunate .
i don't understand anything .
i hate fluorescent lighting .
i have completely recovered .
i have difficulty breathing .
i just wanted clarification .
i recorded our conversation .
i saw something interesting .
i shouldn't have interfered .
i showered before breakfast .
i suppose that's impossible .
i was bitterly disappointed .
i wasn't competitive enough .
i'm a management consultant .
i'm going shopping tomorrow .
i'm having trouble focusing .
i'm having trouble sleeping .
i'm not suggesting anything .
i'm studying french grammar .
i'm suspicious of everybody .
i've forgotten your address .
iceland belonged to denmark .
is this information correct ?
is this translation correct ?
isn't this simply beautiful ?
it rained heavily yesterday .
it rained yesterday evening .
it suddenly started raining .
it's a complicated question .
it's an ecological disaster .
it's impossible to describe .
it's not our responsibility .
it's open to interpretation .
kyoto has many universities .
learning calligraphy is fun .
let's get together tomorrow .
let's go tomorrow afternoon .
let's not pretend otherwise .
living conditions were hard .
metal contracts when cooled .
money is welcome everywhere .
my customers never complain .
my sister's getting married .
no registration is required .
nobody answered my question .
nothing happened between us .
now i understand everything .
parents love their children .
please correct the sentence .
please refrain from smoking .
please validate this ticket .
school reopens in september .
several plans were proposed .
she attracted our attention .
she declined the invitation .
she dressed herself quickly .
she is extremely attractive .
she likes painting pictures .
she never stops complaining .
she stopped picking daisies .
she went shopping elsewhere .
she's inquisitive by nature .
she's the perfect housewife .
smoking affects your health .
somebody's inside the house .
someone stole tom's bicycle .
someone stole my belongings .
someone's taken my umbrella .
speaking english isn't easy .
thanks again for everything .
thanks for your cooperation .
thanks for your explanation .
thanks for your hospitality .
that house appears deserted .
that house needs repainting .
that really isn't necessary .
that statement is incorrect .
that's a beautiful painting .
that's a heartwarming scene .
that's actually pretty cool .
that's not really necessary .
that's really not necessary .
the announcer spoke english .
the deadline is approaching .
the deadlock was inevitable .
the diamond appears genuine .
the ghost vanished suddenly .
the goods arrived undamaged .
the goods arrived yesterday .
the medicine worked marvels .
the negotiations have ended .
the problem resolved itself .
the results are significant .
the stripes were horizontal .
the television doesn't work .
the thermostat is defective .
the troops were annihilated .
there were flies everywhere .
there's been a complication .
there's not much difference .
they crushed all resistance .
they defended their country .
they explored the antarctic .
they painted their toenails .
they're thirty dollars each .
they're washing their hands .
this doesn't prove anything .
this house is uninhabitable .
this is dangerous territory .
this is getting complicated .
this medicine tastes bitter .
this store sells vegetables .
this telephone doesn't work .
this territory is uncharted .
this would embarrass anyone .
those children are cheerful .
those flowers are beautiful .
tom attended mary's funeral .
tom deserves another chance .
tom doesn't understand this .
tom hasn't forgiven anybody .
tom seems slightly confused .
tom should've worked harder .
tom was knocked unconscious .
tom's answer was surprising .
tom's death was preventable .
tom's efforts were rewarded .
trade helps nations develop .
twenty years already passed .
wait until tomorrow morning .
we enjoyed playing football .
we leave tomorrow afternoon .
we really enjoyed ourselves .
we want further information .
we're all being manipulated .
we're not breaking anything .
we're not officially dating .
we're still shopping around .
we're wasting precious time .
what an extraordinary woman .
what are your qualification ?
what's your daughter's name ?
what's your favorite number ?
what's your native language ?
where's the nearest library ?
where's the shopping center ?
who's your favorite pianist ?
write carefully and legibly .
you could've said something .
you look positively ghastly .
you need written permission .
you played tennis yesterday .
you'll sleep better tonight .
you're not paying attention .
you're not that interesting .
you're not thinking clearly .
you're one savvy negotiator .
young people love adventure .
a prolonged silence followed .
all beginnings are difficult .
almost everybody was invited .
answer my question carefully .
birds evolved from dinosaurs .
cheese doesn't digest easily .
children like climbing trees .
children should play outside .
correct the underlined words .
criminals should be punished .
dad's always encouraging him .
divide this among yourselves .
do you understand everything ?
don't ever underestimate tom .
don't forget your toothbrush .
don't insult my intelligence .
don't misunderstand my words .
don't underestimate my power .
everyone admired his courage .
everything has been arranged .
grandmother looked very well .
he always keeps appointments .
he declined their invitation .
he demands immediate payment .
he didn't acknowledge defeat .
he doesn't remember anything .
he is constantly complaining .
he noticed her embarrassment .
he's a republican fundraiser .
he's accustomed to traveling .
he's your typical workaholic .
her mother started screaming .
hooker was extremely pleased .
i appreciate the hospitality .
i appreciate your confidence .
i appreciate your conviction .
i appreciate your directness .
i appreciate your enthusiasm .
i appreciate your suggestion .
i followed your instructions .
i rarely watch documentaries .
i reconsidered your proposal .
i'm actually enjoying myself .
i'm afraid that's impossible .
i'm feeling pretty confident .
i'm following the guidelines .
i'm glad someone understands .
i'm just watching television .
i'm not particularly worried .
i've already eaten breakfast .
i've attempted suicide twice .
i've just finished breakfast .
i've never trusted strangers .
industry was growing quickly .
inoue doesn't like computers .
is distilled water drinkable ?
is this absolutely necessary ?
it's an interesting argument .
it's not physically possible .
it's within walking distance .
let's do something different .
let's reconsider the problem .
let's treat everybody fairly .
my computer's acting strange .
no problem is insurmountable .
not everyone was celebrating .
not everything's about money .
our teacher seemed surprised .
pandas are beautiful animals .
people learn from experience .
playing cards is interesting .
please knock before entering .
please read the instructions .
prices have dropped recently .
reading books is interesting .
she behaved quite abominably .
she died yesterday afternoon .
she has marginalized herself .
she is remarkably attractive .
she killed herself yesterday .
she regarded me suspiciously .
she sometimes gets depressed .
she teaches students english .
she's an independent thinker .
somebody's taken tom's place .
that could've been prevented .
that problem isn't important .
that should've been expected .
that sounds very interesting .
that would be unprofessional .
that's an interesting choice .
that's just your imagination .
that's what's most important .
that's where you're mistaken .
the criminal left footprints .
the doors lock automatically .
the evidence is overwhelming .
the fire started immediately .
the problem remains unsolved .
the result was disappointing .
the results were spectacular .
the situation became chaotic .
the situation has stabilized .
the situation seems hopeless .
the weather changed suddenly .
their meeting was inevitable .
there's room for improvement .
there's usually someone here .
these pictures are beautiful .
these trousers need pressing .
they abandoned their country .
they declined our invitation .
they stated their objections .
they wanted something better .
they were drinking champagne .
they're against animal abuse .
they're dragging their heels .
thieves plundered the museum .
things happened very quickly .
this armchair is comfortable .
this dictionary is expensive .
this doesn't change anything .
this is absolutely wonderful .
this is totally unacceptable .
this problem seems difficult .
this sounds very interesting .
this typewriter doesn't work .
tom is quite straightforward .
tom speaks several languages .
tom still doesn't understand .
tom suddenly stopped talking .
tom wasn't thinking straight .
tom's behavior infuriated me .
tom's birthday was yesterday .
tom's response was immediate .
true friendship is priceless .
we played baseball yesterday .
we traveled around australia .
we'll accept your conditions .
we're missing something here .
what are my responsibilities ?
what happened here yesterday ?
what's japan's longest river ?
what's that disgusting smell ?
what's the secret ingredient ?
what's today's exchange rate ?
what's your boyfriend's name ?
what's your favorite cartoon ?
what's your favorite dessert ?
what's your favorite holiday ?
what's your favorite pastime ?
what's your favorite podcast ?
what's your favorite subject ?
where's the checkout counter ?
where's the closest pharmacy ?
where's the nearest bathroom ?
where's the nearest pharmacy ?
where's the nearest restroom ?
who's playing hockey tonight ?
who's your favorite lyricist ?
would you introduce yourself ?
you can't control everything .
you could've killed somebody .
you just wouldn't understand .
you shouldn't break promises .
you're always criticizing me !
you're just being diplomatic .
you're not thinking straight .
you're not totally blameless .
your courtesy is appreciated .
your daughters are beautiful .
your friendship is important .
your paintings are beautiful .
your pencils need sharpening .
adjust the microscope's focus .
antimatter is highly unstable .
are you insinuating something ?
arithmetic deals with numbers .
christmas is fast approaching .
clearly you're not interested .
do seedless watermelons exist ?
don't dismiss any possibility .
dragons are imaginary animals .
elephants can't ride bicycles .
everybody likes polite people .
everyone already knows anyway .
everyone recognized his skill .
everything is different today .
feeding pigeons is prohibited .
few students understand latin .
has anything strange happened ?
he doesn't understand sarcasm .
he hesitated before answering .
he overcame many difficulties .
he's a successful businessman .
he's cunning and manipulative .
he's curious about everything .
his grandmother looks healthy .
i appreciate your cooperation .
i don't tolerate incompetence .
i have problems concentrating .
i overheard your conversation .
i should stop procrastinating .
i suppose anything's possible .
i understand your frustration .
i'd completely forgotten that .
i'm a respectable businessman .
i'm satisfied with everything .
is the anesthesiologist there ?
it's a remarkable opportunity .
it's gradually getting colder .
let's synchronize our watches .
mary is moderately attractive .
my brother watches television .
my father finally compromised .
my university has dormitories .
nothing succeeds like success .
overpopulation is the problem .
people should wash themselves .
please change the punctuation .
please complete your homework .
please understand my position .
reservations are not required .
selling newspapers isn't easy .
she has beautiful handwriting .
she was appointed chairperson .
she's getting breakfast ready .
something went terribly wrong .
speaking english is difficult .
that makes everything simpler .
that never should've happened .
that's a controversial theory .
the door opened automatically .
the painting is deteriorating .
the possibilities are endless .
the situation seemed hopeless .
the typhoon gathered strength .
these containers are airtight .
these paintings are beautiful .
these politicians are corrupt .
they abandoned their homeland .
they were admiring themselves .
they were enjoying themselves .
they were watching television .
they're walking without shoes .
thirteen percent were opposed .
this medicine tastes horrible .
today is tomorrow's yesterday .
tom certainly deserves praise .
tom doesn't understand french .
tom is constantly complaining .
tom looks exceptionally bored .
tom often contradicts himself .
tom overstepped his authority .
tom's prediction was accurate .
tom's situation was different .
translate the underlined part .
water conducts of electricity .
we prepared snacks beforehand .
we've just finished breakfast .
what a remarkable performance !
what's the teacher explaining ?
women like colorful umbrellas .
you dropped your handkerchief .
you shouldn't prejudge people .
you're respected by everybody .
your behavior was disgraceful .
your behavior was inexcusable .
your demands are unreasonable .
children should obey authority .
don't use computer translation .
everybody needs help sometimes .
everybody wishes for happiness .
everything is extremely simple .
everything seems normal enough .
everything went horribly wrong .
fighting won't settle anything .
he assumed full responsibility .
he doesn't allow interruptions .
he studied interior decoration .
he's obsessed with cleanliness .
i hate terrorist organizations .
i understand tom's frustration .
i understood almost everything .
i'm disgusted and disappointed .
i'm not particularly impressed .
i'm not understanding anything .
i've done everything necessary .
it's frustrating and confusing .
marriage frightens some people .
people shouldn't abuse animals .
she recognized him immediately .
smoking is strictly prohibited .
someone's ringing the doorbell .
something strange is happening .
that sounds really interesting .
that's an excellent suggestion .
that's not completely accurate .
the countryside is magnificent .
the escalator suddenly stopped .
the possibilities are infinite .
the situation has deteriorated .
the situation is deteriorating .
there's an emergency situation .
these are serious difficulties .
they danced awkwardly together .
they're suffering from malaria .
thirteen americans were killed .
this intersection is dangerous .
this is extremely confidential .
this is technically impossible .
this material stretches easily .
today's my daughter's birthday .
two problems remained unsolved .
we appreciate your cooperation .
we're done answering questions .
where's the children's section ?
where's the closest restaurant ?
wives usually outlive husbands .
you could've ruined everything .
an unforgettable event occurred .
are you speaking metaphorically ?
beethoven wrote nine symphonies .
correct the following sentences .
every religion prohibits murder .
everybody wants permanent peace .
everybody's life is complicated .
he appreciates japanese culture .
hollywood marriages rarely last .
human relationships are complex .
i attend scientific conferences .
i have difficulty concentrating .
i'm experiencing some heartburn .
i'm obviously very disappointed .
let's dispense with formalities .
opportunity seldom knocks twice .
perhaps we overlooked something .
please correct my pronunciation .
read the instructions carefully .
severe weather frightens people .
she achieved remarkable results .
she committed suicide yesterday .
she suddenly lost consciousness .
she was astonishingly beautiful .
she's materialistic and shallow .
slaves were considered property .
sometimes everything goes wrong .
that was absolutely unnecessary .
that would've been embarrassing .
the children caught butterflies .
the delegates voted immediately .
the factory produces ammunition .
the president abolished slavery .
the situation appears desperate .
these fireworks are spectacular !
they accomplished their mission .
they unwrapped their sandwiches .
this medication works instantly .
tom looked really uncomfortable .
tom noticed several differences .
tom's grandmother looks healthy .
travel agencies' profits soared .
we'll begin rehearsals tomorrow .
what's your favorite toothpaste ?
where's the nearest supermarket ?
your pronunciation is excellent .
ai means artificial intelligence .
christmas is rapidly approaching .
copper conducts electricity well .
don't interrupt our conversation .
even chocolate contains vitamins .
germany produced many scientists .
he collected various information .
he's a professional photographer .
here's an important announcement .
most englishmen are conservative .
muammar kaddafi escaped unharmed .
newspapers carry weather reports .
please make yourself comfortable .
she's a successful businesswoman .
that company produces microchips .
that's a frightening possibility .
that's certainly one possibility .
the implications are frightening .
the president appeared powerless .
this conversation never happened .
tom sensed mary's disappointment .
tom's nervousness was noticeable .
we appreciate your understanding .
you couldn't possibly understand .
you're not interrupting anything .
your suggestion seems reasonable .
aren't you contradicting yourself ?
careless driving causes accidents .
children like watching television .
complaining won't change anything .
don't underestimate your opponent .
england established many colonies .
further investigation is required .
he became financially independent .
she's a professional photographer .
something unexpected has happened .
that student's studying sociology .
there's definitely something else .
tom hasn't regained consciousness .
violence increased soon afterward .
you underestimate your importance .
bilingual dictionaries are allowed .
careful driving prevents accidents .
everything's happening too quickly .
he studies contemporary literature .
his achievements were acknowledged .
learning english requires patience .
tom started shaking uncontrollably .
translate the underlined sentences .
you're always anticipating trouble .
carelessness often causes accidents .
congratulations on your anniversary .
he encountered unexpected obstacles .
newspapers printed the proclamation .
that requires careful consideration .
he studies computational linguistics .
most elevators operate automatically .
don't underestimate his determination .
thirteen passengers were hospitalized .
christopher columbus discovered america .
language acquisition requires creativity .
me , too .
am i fat ?
be a man .
hi , guys .
i am fat .
i did ok .
i did it .
i get it .
i got it .
i saw it .
i use it .
may i go ?
aim . fire !
am i late ?
can we go ?
did i win ?
get a job .
go get it .
go to bed .
he is ill .
he is old .
he's a dj .
here i am .
here's $ 5 .
i am busy .
i am calm .
i am cold .
i am good .
i am here .
i am lazy .
i am okay .
i am sick .
i am sure .
i am weak .
i beg you .
i can run .
i can ski .
i give up .
i got hot .
i had fun .
i hate it .
i hope so .
i knew it .
i like it .
i lost it .
i love it !
i mean it !
i must go .
i need it .
i said no .
i said so .
i saw him .
i saw one .
i saw you .
i see tom .
i want it .
i was new .
i will go .
i woke up .
i'm a cop .
i'm a man .
is tom ok ?
is it bad ?
is it far ?
is it you ?
let it be .
let me go !
let me in .
try it on .
we did it !
we saw it .
who is he ?
who is it ?
am i clear ?
am i dying ?
am i early ?
am i fired ?
am i first ?
am i hired ?
am i right ?
am i wrong ?
are you ok ?
are you up ?
can i come ?
can i help ?
can i stay ?
come on in !
come to me .
come to us .
cut it out !
did we win ?
do i stink ?
do come in !
do men cry ?
fill it up .
find a job .
get a life !
get to bed .
give it up .
go warm up .
he gave in .
he hung up .
he is busy .
he is here !
he is kind .
he is late .
he is lazy .
he is poor .
he is sick .
he made it .
here he is !
here it is .
here we go .
i am human .
i am ready .
i am right .
i am sorry .
i am tired .
i broke it .
i built it .
i can come .
i can cook .
i can jump .
i can read .
i can sing .
i can stay .
i can swim .
i can wait .
i can walk .
i can't go .
i did that .
i do worry .
i doubt it .
i eat here .
i envy him .
i envy you .
i feel bad .
i feel old .
i felt bad .
i felt ill .
i felt sad .
i fixed it .
i found it .
i got busy .
i got lost .
i got sick .
i guess so .
i had help .
i hate you .
i have one .
i have won .
i help him .
i hope not .
i know cpr .
i know her .
i know him .
i like art .
i like him .
i like tea .
i like you .
i liked it .
i love tom .
i love tea .
i love you .
i loved it .
i made tea .
i made two .
i met them .
i must run .
i need air .
i need ice .
i need you .
i ran away .
i ran home .
i said yes .
i sat down .
i saw that .
i saw them .
i see them .
i threw up .
i tried it .
i use this .
i want one !
i want you .
i was away .
i was busy .
i was good .
i was late .
i was lost .
i was sick .
i will try .
i work out .
i wrote it .
i'll do it .
i'll go in .
i'm a hero .
i'm a liar .
i'm in bed .
is he busy ?
is he dead ?
is he tall ?
is it done ?
is it free ?
is it hard ?
is it love ?
is it nice ?
is it safe ?
is it true ?
is that it ?
is that so ?
it is cold .
it went ok .
it's a fad .
it's my cd .
it's on me .
let him go !
let him in .
let me die .
let me out !
let me pay .
let me see .
let me try .
let us out .
look at it .
look at me .
look it up .
oh , really ?
pick it up .
run for it !
she is old .
take a bus .
take a nap .
talk to me !
that a boy !
this is it .
time is up .
turn it up .
wait a bit .
wait a sec .
we all die .
we are men .
we buy cds .
we can pay .
we can try .
we can win .
we like it .
we made it .
we must go .
we need it .
we saw you .
we want it .
what a day !
what is it ?
where am i ?
who are we ?
who did it ?
who saw me ?
you did it !
you may go .
all is well .
am i hungry !
am i stupid ?
are we done ?
are we lost ?
are we safe ?
are you tom ?
are you mad ?
are you new ?
are you sad ?
as you like .
break it up !
can it wait ?
can we come ?
can we help ?
can we stop ?
can we talk ?
can you see ?
can you ski ?
can you try ?
clean it up .
come get it .
come get me .
come off it !
cook for me .
count me in .
cover it up .
deal me out .
did it hurt ?
did you win ?
do it again !
do it right .
do your job .
don't do it !
flip a coin .
get the box .
go home now .
go on ahead .
go to sleep .
grab a seat .
have a beer .
have a look .
have a seat .
have we met ?
he can come .
he can read .
he can swim .
he found it .
he got away .
he grew old .
he has come !
he has guts .
he has wine .
he helps us .
he is drunk .
he is eight .
he is hated .
he is nasty .
he is smart .
he is young .
he likes me .
he needs it .
he stood up .
he was busy .
he's a hunk .
he's a jerk .
he's a liar .
he's a nerd .
he's a slob .
he's my age .
he's not in .
help me out .
here i come .
here she is !
here we are !
how are you ?
how is life ?
i also went .
i am french .
i am korean .
i am better .
i am coming .
i am hungry .
i am joking .
i am single .
i am taller .
i asked tom .
i assume so .
i bought it .
i buried it .
i burned it .
i came back .
i can dance .
i can't eat .
i can't say .
i can't see .
i can't win .
i caught it .
i could try .
i cut class .
i didn't go .
i eat alone .
i eat bread .
i eat fruit .
i feel blue .
i feel cold .
i feel fine .
i feel good .
i feel lost .
i feel safe .
i feel sick .
i feel weak .
i feel well .
i felt dumb .
i felt fear .
i felt good .
i felt safe .
i got bored .
i got dizzy .
i got fined .
i got lucky .
i got upset .
i guess not .
i hate dogs .
i hate fish .
i hate golf .
i hate milk .
i hate sand .
i hate that .
i hate them .
i hate this .
i hate work .
i have cash .
i have eyes .
i have food .
i have time .
i have wine .
i know that .
i know them .
i know this .
i like blue .
i like both .
i like cake .
i like cats .
i like dogs .
i like jazz .
i like math .
i like milk .
i like rice .
i like rock .
i like that .
i like them .
i like this .
i live here .
i love mary .
i love kids .
i love life .
i loved you .
i messed up .
i must obey .
i nailed it .
i need food .
i need glue .
i need more .
i need some .
i need that .
i need time .
i never bet .
i never win .
i often ski .
i oppose it .
i pay taxes .
i said stop .
i said that .
i saved you .
i sell cars .
i should go .
i smell gas .
i thank you .
i trust her .
i trust him .
i trust you .
i waited up .
i want mary .
i want cash .
i want eggs .
i want kids .
i want mine .
i want more .
i want soup .
i want that .
i want them .
i want this .
i want time .
i was alone .
i was bored .
i was broke .
i was dizzy .
i was drunk .
i was fired .
i was hired .
i was lucky .
i was moved .
i was naive .
i was ready .
i was sober .
i was sorry .
i was there .
i was tired .
i was wrong .
i washed it .
i went home .
i will come .
i will help .
i will obey .
i will wait .
i will walk .
i will work .
i won again .
i won't cry .
i work here .
i'll buy it .
i'll get in .
i'll get it .
i'll get up .
i'll go now .
i'll go see .
i'll try it .
i'm a baker .
i'm all set .
i'm at home .
i'm in luck .
i'm no fool .
i'm no hero .
i'm no liar .
i'm not fat .
i'm not mad .
i'm not old .
i'm not sad .
i'm not shy .
i'm on duty .
i'm so full .
i'm too fat .
is tom sure ?
is he right ?
is it clean ?
is it clear ?
is it dirty ?
is it fatal ?
is it legal ?
is it ready ?
is it yours ?
is she gone ?
is that all ?
is that you ?
it can't be !
it is foggy .
it may snow .
it was long .
it's 50 yen .
it's a doll .
it's a song .
it's all ok .
it's my job .
it's my son .
it's no use .
it's not us .
just say no .
let me help .
let me know .
let me talk .
let's do it !
life is fun .
lunch is on .
make a list .
make a wish .
may i begin ?
need a lift ?
no means no .
no one came .
no one died .
no one left .
now i'm sad .
now we wait .
pick a card .
pick a date .
put it back .
put it down .
send him in .
shall we go ?
she hit him .
she is curt .
she is dead .
she is kind .
she is late .
she woke up .
she's a dog .
she's a fox .
should i go ?
stay in bed .
take a bite .
take a card .
take a look .
take a rest .
take a seat .
take a walk .
take it all .
that is all .
the tv's on .
there he is .
there it is .
they got it .
this is bad .
this is big .
this is fun .
this is his .
this is new .
this is odd .
tom is dead .
tom is nuts .
tom is weak .
tom left me .
turn it off .
wait for us .
wake tom up .
war is evil .
war is hell .
was i wrong ?
we all know .
we all quit .
we all work .
we are even .
we are here .
we are late .
we broke up .
we can meet .
we can talk .
we can wait .
we can't go .
we did fine .
we did that .
we found it .
we know him .
we like tom .
we like him .
we miss you .
we must act .
we must run .
we must try .
we need tom .
we want tom .
what a bore !
what a dope !
what a drag !
what a dump .
what a heel !
what a jerk !
what a joke !
what a loss !
what a mess !
what a pain !
what a pity !
what a team !
what is art ?
what was it ?
what'd i do ?
where is he ?
where was i ?
who are you ?
who is next ?
whose is it ?
will it fit ?
will you go ?
you are big .
you are mad .
you hurt me .
you may sit .
you must go .
all is quiet .
all is still .
am i correct ?
are we alone ?
are we broke ?
are we ready ?
are you bald ?
are you busy ?
are you deaf ?
are you home ?
are you hurt ?
are you lost ?
are you sick ?
are you sure ?
beef , please .
bring a date .
bring him in .
can we leave ?
can we start ?
can you come ?
can you stay ?
can you swim ?
can you walk ?
check it out !
come at once .
come back in .
come help me .
come join us .
come up here .
come with me .
come with us .
cool it down .
could we sit ?
cover for me .
cut that out !
did tom call ?
did tom fall ?
did tom stay ?
did tom swim ?
did you sign ?
did you vote ?
do you agree ?
do you drink ?
do you smoke ?
do your best !
does it hurt ?
does it work ?
don't ask me .
don't be sad .
don't be shy .
don't get up .
don't kid me !
drop the gun .
easy does it .
find the cat .
fish , please .
get a doctor .
get my rifle .
go to school .
good for you .
grab my hand .
hand it over .
have a donut .
have a drink .
have a taste .
he avoids me .
he could die .
he denied it .
he dozed off .
he dumped me .
he got angry .
he has money .
he helps her .
he is asleep .
he is cranky .
he is eating .
he is heroic .
he kicked it .
he likes tea .
he lost face .
he loves her .
he mocked me .
he needs you .
he shall die .
he wants one .
he was alone .
he was brave .
he was great .
he was lucky .
he was naive .
he was wrong .
he will come .
he will wait .
he's a bigot .
he's in pain .
he's my hero .
he's out now .
he's so cute .
hello , girls .
i admire you .
i always win .
i am italian .
i am ashamed .
i am curious .
i am married .
i am thirsty .
i am working .
i ate apples .
i ate caviar .
i believe it .
i called him .
i called you .
i can manage .
i can't help .
i can't move .
i can't sing .
i can't swim .
i can't wait .
i caught tom .
i could help .
i could walk .
i cut myself .
i deserve it .
i didn't ask .
i didn't cry .
i didn't pay .
i didn't win .
i don't bite .
i don't care .
i don't date .
i don't know .
i don't mind .
i doubt that .
i drank milk .
i drink beer .
i enjoyed it .
i feel alive .
i feel awful .
i feel dizzy .
i feel faint .
i feel funny .
i feel giddy .
i feel happy .
i feel lucky .
i feel ready .
i feel silly .
i feel young .
i felt awful .
i felt great .
i felt happy .
i felt naked .
i felt safer .
i go jogging .
i got carded .
i got caught .
i got dumped .
i got sleepy .
i got soaked .
i had doubts .
i handled it .
i hate beans .
i hate flies .
i hate liars .
i have hives .
i have needs .
i have plans .
i have proof .
i hear music .
i heard that .
i helped out .
i honor that .
i hugged her .
i just moved .
i kissed tom .
i like china .
i like bread .
i like chess .
i like fruit .
i like girls .
i like honey .
i like music .
i like opera .
i like sushi .
i like these .
i like women .
i love books .
i love bread .
i love games .
i love jokes .
i love music .
i love trips .
i loved that .
i made plans .
i made these .
i might stay .
i missed you .
i must hurry .
i must leave .
i must study .
i need money .
i need paint .
i need proof .
i need sleep .
i need space .
i need sugar .
i need water .
i never lose .
i often read .
i play piano .
i read books .
i rewrote it .
i said maybe .
i sell shoes .
i started it .
i still care .
i suppose so .
i teach here .
i thought so .
i took risks .
i tried hard .
i tried that .
i want facts .
i want proof .
i want these .
i was asleep .
i was beaten .
i was burned .
i was canned .
i was framed .
i was lonely .
i was shaken .
i was sleepy .
i was stupid .
i was warned .
i went twice .
i will fight .
i will learn .
i will shoot .
i won't come .
i wonder who .
i wonder why .
i work alone .
i wrote that .
i'd buy that .
i'll ask him .
i'll be back .
i'll be fine .
i'll be free .
i'll be late .
i'll be nice .
i'll get ice .
i'll get you .
i'll go back .
i'll go home .
i'll go look .
i'll go next .
i'll grab it .
i'll jump in .
i'll just go .
i'll kill it .
i'll open it .
i'll pay you .
i'll read it .
i'll risk it .
i'll sign it .
i'll sue you .
i'll take it .
i'm a coward .
i'm a doctor .
i'm a farmer .
i'm a purist .
i'm all done .
i'm all ears .
i'm an adult .
i'm an agent .
i'm free now .
i'm in paris .
i'm new here .
i'm no rebel .
i'm no saint .
i'm not busy .
i'm not deaf .
i'm not done .
i'm not dumb .
i'm not evil .
i'm not here .
i'm not home .
i'm not hurt .
i'm not mean .
i'm not rich .
i'm not sure .
i'm not tall .
i'm not ugly .
i'm not well .
i'm so sorry .
i'm so tired !
i'm the boss .
i'm too busy .
i'm very fat .
i'm very sad .
i'm very shy .
i'm worn out .
i've done it .
i've got you .
i've lost it .
i've no idea .
i've seen it .
iron is hard .
is tom alive ?
is tom drunk ?
is tom there ?
is it broken ?
is it cancer ?
is it cloudy ?
is it enough ?
is it nearby ?
is that love ?
is that true ?
is this fake ?
is this love ?
is this wine ?
it amazed me .
it felt good .
it has begun .
it is unfair .
it isn't new .
it scared me .
it took time .
it was black .
it was night .
it was noisy .
it was white .
it wasn't me .
it will burn .
it will heal .
it's a curse .
it's a shame .
it's all wet .
it's for you .
it's my book .
it's my turn .
it's no good .
it's no joke .
it's not new .
it's on fire .
it's our car .
it's the law .
it's too big .
it's too hot .
just say yes .
keep it warm .
lead the way .
let her talk .
let him talk .
let me check .
let me leave !
let me sleep .
let's all go .
let's go now .
let's not go .
life goes on .
life is hard .
look at this .
make a guess .
mary is cute .
men are pigs .
must i hurry ?
my eyes hurt .
my feet hurt .
my hip hurts .
no one cared .
no one cares .
no one knows .
no one moved .
no one spoke .
now drink up .
now fix that .
now leave us .
our eyes met .
play it cool .
see you soon !
set tom free .
shame on you !
she can swim .
she helps us .
she is lucky .
she is quiet .
she is sharp .
she is wrong .
she is young .
she knows me .
she liked it .
she may come .
she shot him .
she stood up .
she sued him .
she was busy .
she went out .
should we go ?
stay a while .
stay with me .
stay with us .
stop the car .
take a break .
take a whiff .
take it easy !
take me home .
tell me more .
thanks a lot .
that is mine .
that will do .
that's a lie .
that's a lot !
they gave up .
they hate us .
they know us .
they said no .
this is easy .
this is fine .
this is free .
this is gold .
this is hers .
this is huge .
this is lame .
this is life !
this is love .
this is mine .
this is nice .
this is sick .
this is ugly .
tom is awful .
tom is blind .
tom is cruel .
tom is drunk .
tom is dying .
tom is there .
tom loved it .
tom needs me .
tom was poor .
tom was shot .
tom will cry .
trust no one .
try it again .
try to sleep .
use them all .
wait a while .
wait for tom .
want a drink ?
we all cried .
we are arabs .
we are happy .
we can't win .
we could die .
we felt good .
we got lucky .
we got ready .
we have wine .
we live here .
we met today .
we might die .
we must obey .
we must talk .
we must wait .
we need both .
we need help .
we need rest .
we need time .
we needed it .
we sat there .
we should go .
we trust him .
we want jobs .
we were busy .
we're a team .
we're all ok .
we're at war .
what a loser !
what a night !
what a phony !
what a shame !
what a shock !
what a waste !
what a woman !
what is love ?
what is that ?
what is this ?
where is she ?
who are they ?
who broke it ?
who built it ?
who did this ?
who has come ?
who sent you ?
who told you ?
who wants it ?
who was here ?
who will pay ?
who will win ?
why not both ?
will he live ?
wish me luck .
write in ink .
write to tom .
you amuse me .
you are good .
you are late .
you are rich .
you can come .
you can help .
you can rest .
you did this .
you go first .
you hurt him .
you look fat .
you may swim .
you scare me .
you were shy .
you will die .
you'll be ok .
ain't he cute ?
air the futon .
am i dreaming ?
am i included ?
am i mistaken ?
am i talented ?
are they busy ?
are they cops ?
are you alone ?
are you angry ?
are you awake ?
are you blind ?
are you bored ?
are you crazy ?
are you happy ?
are you ready ?
are you there ?
are you tired ?
are you young ?
beware of dog .
bring a lunch .
bring it here .
bring the key .
call a doctor .
call the cops .
can you drive ?
can you pitch ?
can you skate ?
cats are cute .
check , please .
clean that up .
close the box .
come right in .
cook the rice .
could we walk ?
crime is down .
dance with me .
did tom drown ?
did tom fight ?
did that work ?
do cats dream ?
do fish sleep ?
do it quickly .
do you follow ?
don't be late .
don't be long .
don't be mean .
don't be rude .
don't call me .
don't deny it .
don't do that .
don't do this .
don't get fat .
don't give up !
don't hurt me .
don't kill me .
don't mock me .
don't push it .
don't push me !
don't sass me .
don't tell me .
don't wait up .
draw a circle .
drink it down .
drop your gun !
dry your eyes .
eat and drink .
feed the bird !
get a haircut .
get back here .
get some rest .
get your coat .
get your gear .
give him time .
god bless you !
god knows why .
guess who won .
hang on tight !
have a cookie .
have him come .
have some ham .
he broke them .
he can't sing .
he can't swim .
he cheated me .
he cracked up .
he drank beer .
he dropped it .
he feels hurt .
he fooled her .
he got caught .
he has braces .
he hugged her .
he ignored me .
he is british .
he is english .
he is foolish .
he is reading .
he is running .
he is skating .
he killed him .
he left early .
he liked that .
he looks pale .
he looks well .
he loves toys .
he never lies .
he pinched me !
he seems kind .
he sells cars .
he smells bad .
he talks well .
he touched me .
he tricked me .
he tries hard .
he walks fast .
he wants more .
he was crying .
he was stoned .
he went blind .
he's a grouch .
he's a jesuit .
he's a senior .
he's a tycoon .
he's after me .
he's in tokyo .
he's no saint .
he's not home .
he's not sick .
he's so young .
he's too busy .
he's too slow .
he's very ill .
he's your son .
here he comes .
his nose bled .
hold the door .
hold the rope .
how about you ?
how's the dog ?
i already ate .
i always lose .
i always walk .
i am american .
i am japanese .
i am diabetic .
i am divorced .
i ate quickly .
i became rich .
i believe you .
i belong here .
i borrowed it .
i bribed them .
i burned them .
i called home .
i called them .
i can explain .
i can survive .
i can't dance .
i can't leave .
i can't sleep .
i can't smoke .
i canceled it .
i caused this .
i deserved it .
i designed it .
i despise tom .
i despise you .
i did nothing .
i didn't call .
i didn't care .
i didn't know .
i didn't look .
i didn't move .
i didn't stop .
i didn't vote .
i didn't walk .
i do remember .
i don't agree .
i don't dance .
i don't drink .
i don't smoke .
i don't snore .
i don't steal .
i enjoy chess .
i enjoy music .
i enjoy poker .
i feel better .
i feel guilty .
i feel hungry .
i feel lonely .
i feel normal .
i feel queasy .
i feel stupid .
i feel unwell .
i fell asleep .
i felt guilty .
i felt lonely .
i felt reborn .
i felt scared .
i felt strong .
i finally won .
i finished it .
i forbid that .
i forgive you .
i fought back .
i found these .
i freaked out .
i got married .
i got nothing .
i got scammed .
i got thirsty .
i hate coffee .
i hate crowds .
i hate flying .
i hate losing .
i hate moving .
i hate myself .
i hate school .
i hate soccer .
i hate winter .
i have cancer .
i have doubts .
i have failed .
i have orders .
i have rights .
i have tenure .
i ignored him .
i just smiled .
i know french .
i know myself .
i know people .
i know things .
i like french .
i like camels .
i like cities .
i like clocks .
i like movies .
i like skiing .
i like spring .
i like sweets .
i like trains .
i like winter .
i like yellow .
i live nearby .
i looked away .
i looked down .
i love arabic .
i love boston .
i love french .
i love monday !
i love apples .
i love autumn .
i love baking .
i love camels .
i love coffee .
i love hiking .
i love horses .
i love movies .
i love myself .
i love nature .
i love poetry .
i love spring .
i love summer .
i love winter .
i made coffee .
i made dinner .
i must insist .
i must object .
i must refuse .
i must resist .
i nearly died .
i need advice .
i needed help .
i never drink .
i never worry .
i outrank you .
i prefer dogs .
i quite agree .
i ran outside .
i remember it .
i rescued her .
i rescued him .
i rescued you .
i resent that .
i respect you .
i said thanks .
i saw nothing .
i saw someone .
i should quit .
i slapped him .
i smell bacon .
i smell blood .
i support him .
i tricked you .
i tried again .
i trusted you .
i use firefox .
i walked here .
i wanted this .
i was ashamed .
i was careful .
i was curious .
i was dancing .
i was drugged .
i was furious .
i was invited .
i was kidding .
i was pleased .
i was relaxed .
i was singing .
i was stunned .
i was tempted .
i was trapped .
i was unarmed .
i was worried .
i wasn't done .
i wasn't home .
i went aboard .
i went hiking .
i went inside .
i will behave .
i will return .
i work nights .
i worked hard .
i write poems .
i'd better go .
i'll allow it .
i'll be brief .
i'll be going .
i'll be ready .
i'll be there .
i'll buy that .
i'll buy this .
i'll call him .
i'll call you .
i'll eat here .
i'll find you .
i'll get help .
i'll get lost .
i'll get some .
i'll get them .
i'll get this .
i'll go ahead .
i'll go check .
i'll go first .
i'll help you .
i'll join you .
i'll kill him .
i'll kill you .
i'll miss you .
i'll prove it .
i'll save you .
i'll show you .
i'll stop now .
i'll take him .
i'll take one .
i'll tell you .
i'll try that .
i'll warn tom .
i'll watch it .
i'm a patient .
i'm a student .
i'm a teacher .
i'm afraid so .
i'm all alone .
i'm all right .
i'm all yours .
i'm an artist .
i'm an orphan .
i'm hung over .
i'm in boston .
i'm in danger .
i'm just lazy .
i'm no expert .
i'm not alone .
i'm not angry !
i'm not armed .
i'm not blind .
i'm not crazy .
i'm not dying .
i'm not going .
i'm not happy .
i'm not lying .
i'm not naive .
i'm not obese .
i'm not ready .
i'm not short .
i'm not tired .
i'm not young .
i'm saying no .
i'm so hungry .
i'm tired now .
i'm too drunk .
i'm very cold .
i'm very poor .
i'm voting no .
i'm your boss .
i've found it .
i've got eyes .
is tom around ?
is he correct ?
is he looking ?
is it damaged ?
is it genuine ?
is it helping ?
is it painful ?
is it raining ?
is it serious ?
is that right ?
is that yours ?
is this legal ?
is this yours ?
isn't it nice ?
isn't it true ?
it came apart .
it can't wait .
it feels good .
it gets worse .
it had snowed .
it hurts here .
it is snowing .
it looks fine .
it looks good .
it looks nice .
it made sense .
it sickens me .
it smells bad .
it takes time .
it was boring .
it was broken .
it was simple .
it was superb .
it wasn't him .
it went viral .
it won't hurt .
it won't work .
it works fine .
it works well .
it'll be easy .
it'll go away .
it's a parody .
it's a relief .
it's a rental .
it's a sequel .
it's a weapon .
it's all gone .
it's all here .
it's all mine .
it's all over .
it's all true .
it's close by .
it's fall now .
it's for free .
it's my treat .
it's not cool .
it's not easy .
it's not fair .
it's not fake .
it's not hard .
it's not here .
it's not mine .
it's not real .
it's not safe .
it's not true .
it's our duty .
it's so clean .
it's the cops !
it's too cold .
it's too dark .
it's too easy .
it's too late .
it's too loud .
it's too thin .
it's very dry .
it's very low .
it's worth it .
just a minute .
just be quiet .
just leave it .
just trust me .
keep in touch !
let tom sleep .
let her sleep .
let me finish .
let's ask him .
let's do this .
let's drop it .
let's go away .
life is crazy .
life is short .
life is sweet .
lock the door !
look up there .
love is blind .
luck is blind .
make a choice .
make it quick .
make your bed .
man is mortal .
mary is weird .
men never cry .
my foot hurts .
my name's tom .
never give up .
no one's here .
no one's home .
nobody got up .
nobody saw me .
now means now .
open the door .
open the safe .
our team lost .
pick a number .
pick a weapon .
please fix it .
please get in .
read after me .
read this now .
red is better .
rest in peace .
ring the bell .
see you again .
see you later .
see you there .
shall i begin ?
she avoids me .
she came last .
she can skate .
she can't ski .
she could die .
she dumped me .
she got angry .
she had twins .
she hated him .
she hates him .
she hired him .
she is french .
she is active .
she is crying .
she is gentle .
she is strong .
she just left .
she likes him .
she looks sad .
she loves tom .
she loves him .
she needs you .
she obeys him .
she seems sad .
she wants him .
she was brave .
she was livid .
she was lying .
she was naive .
she went home .
she's a cutie .
she's a model .
she's my type .
should i come ?
should i wait ?
shut the door .
sit near here .
start the car .
stay a moment .
stir the soup .
stop that now .
take a breath .
take a chance .
take a cookie .
take a number .
take a shower .
thanks a heap .
that meant no .
that suits me .
that was cool .
that was easy .
that was mean .
that was ours .
that's a book .
that's a copy .
that's a doll .
that's a fact .
that's a fake .
that's a joke .
that's a myth .
that's a plan .
that's a tree .
that's my boy .
that's my car .
that's my cat .
that's my dog .
that's so rad .
the girls won .
there is hope .
there you are .
they all died .
they all knew .
they all know .
they are here .
they found it .
they found us .
they know him .
they look sad .
they love tom .
they need him .
they said yes .
they saved us .
this is italy .
this is japan .
this is awful .
this is cheap .
this is crazy .
this is funny .
this is great .
this is silly .
this is sweet .
this is weird .
this is yours .
tie your shoe .
time is money .
tom can't ski .
tom got stuck .
tom is boring .
tom is chubby .
tom is eating .
tom is guilty .
tom is hiding .
tom is voting .
tom is vulgar .
tom just died .
tom lost hope .
tom loves you .
tom missed it .
tom runs fast .
tom walked in .
tom was alive .
tom was cruel .
tom was dying .
tom was scary .
tom was third .
tom was upset .
tom went pale .
tom won't eat .
wait a minute .
wait a second .
wait till six .
walk this way .
was i snoring ?
was tom there ?
watch my back .
we admire you .
we all agreed .
we all change .
we are doomed .
we can't fail .
we can't lose .
we caught you .
we could read .
we could wait .
we could walk .
we don't know .
we kept quiet .
we meant well .
we met before .
we missed you .
we must check .
we must focus .
we must hurry .
we must leave .
we must speak .
we need money .
we need proof .
we need rules .
we need sleep .
we need tools .
we need water .
we never lose .
we should eat .
we want candy .
we want peace .
we wanted you .
we were bored .
we were lucky .
we were right .
we will fight .
we wonder why .
we'll all die .
we'll both go .
we'll find it .
we're a group .
we're in love .
we're in luck .
we're in pain .
we're in sync .
we're in town .
we're not fit .
we're not mad .
we're not old .
we're too old .
we've no time .
we've seen it .
were you busy ?
were you shot ?
what a bummer !
what a fiasco !
what a hassle !
what a relief !
what about us ?
what an idiot !
what'll we do ?
where are you ?
where is mary ?
where were we ?
which is mine ?
who hates you ?
who helps her ?
who hired you ?
who is absent ?
who said that ?
who wants tea ?
whose is this ?
will she come ?
you all right ?
you are crazy .
you are drunk !
you are early .
you are lying .
you are sharp .
you are wrong .
you have mail .
you look busy .
you look pale .
you look sick .
you must come .
you must stay .
you need this .
you needed me .
you seem busy .
you should go .
you stay here .
you want this ?
you were mine .
you work hard .
you'd love it .
you'll go far .
you're a doll !
you're a liar .
you're a nerd .
you're a snob .
you're no fun .
ain't she cute ?
am i qualified ?
apples are red .
are there kids ?
are we friends ?
are we leaving ?
are we sinking ?
are you afraid ?
are you coming ?
are you crying ?
are you hiring ?
are you honest ?
are you hungry ?
are you insane ?
are you joking ?
are you lonely ?
are you single ?
are you sleepy ?
aren't you hot ?
autumn is here .
blow your nose .
boats can sink .
both are alive .
bring a camera .
bring a shovel .
call a plumber .
can you juggle ?
cash is better .
catch the ball .
cats are smart .
change is good .
check that out .
check this out .
close the door .
close the gate .
coffee , please .
come back here .
come back home .
come back soon .
come down here .
contact my son .
cows give milk .
did you forget ?
do it tomorrow .
do it yourself .
do tigers purr ?
do you promise ?
do you recycle ?
does it matter ?
does this hurt ?
don't be angry .
don't be crazy .
don't be crude .
don't be naive .
don't be sorry .
don't be upset .
don't blame me .
don't buy that .
don't fall off !
don't judge me .
don't leave me .
don't leave us .
don't mind her .
don't obey him .
don't run here .
don't say that .
don't show off .
don't stand up .
don't stop him .
don't tease me .
don't tempt me .
don't touch it .
don't touch me !
don't you care ?
drink some tea .
eat more fruit .
enjoy the show .
enjoy your day .
enter the room .
fight like men .
fishing is fun .
form two lines .
get some sleep .
go get changed .
go right ahead .
grab your gear .
happy new year !
have you eaten ?
have you slept ?
he almost died .
he became rich .
he can't count .
he can't drive .
he cannot swim .
he counts fast .
he deceived me .
he deserved it .
he dislikes me .
he doesn't lie .
he doesn't tan .
he felt uneasy .
he has changed .
he hated lying .
he is american .
he is canadian .
he is japanese .
he is bankrupt .
he is outgoing .
he is powerful .
he likes money .
he lives alone .
he looked back .
he looked well .
he looks tired .
he looks young .
he loves music .
he needs money .
he passed away .
he respects me .
he scolded her .
he seems angry .
he seems happy .
he seems tired .
he sells fruit .
he should come .
he slapped her .
he trusted you .
he walked away .
he was english .
he was invited .
he was panting .
he was patient .
he was perfect .
he was stunned .
he went skiing .
he worked hard .
he's a gambler .
he's a slacker .
he's all right .
he's an author .
he's an outlaw .
he's in danger .
he's in prison .
he's my friend .
he's not going .
he's not ready .
he's so stupid .
he's too drunk .
he's very open .
here comes tom .
here she comes .
here's my room .
his head ached .
how was boston ?
how's it going ?
how's your job ?
i already know .
i am hungarian .
i am exhausted .
i believe that .
i believed you .
i borrow money .
i brought mine .
i brought wine .
i called ahead .
i corrected it .
i decorated it .
i deserve that .
i deserve this .
i didn't argue .
i didn't cheat .
i didn't drive .
i didn't flunk .
i didn't laugh .
i didn't sleep .
i didn't speak .
i dislike eggs .
i do apologize .
i don't belong .
i don't follow .
i don't gamble .
i don't gossip .
i enjoy movies .
i feel ashamed .
i feel blessed .
i feel honored .
i feel nothing .
i feel strange .
i feel trapped .
i feel useless .
i felt cheated .
i felt excited .
i followed him .
i followed you .
i got arrested .
i got confused .
i got divorced .
i got expelled .
i got nauseous .
i guarantee it .
i hate mondays .
i hate sundays .
i hate dancing .
i hate dieting .
i hate insects .
i hate karaoke .
i hate lawyers .
i hate parties .
i hate secrets .
i hate spiders .
i hate spinach .
i hate working .
i hated school .
i have amnesia .
i have hiccups .
i have nothing .
i have sisters .
i heard voices .
i hurried home .
i just guessed .
i like english .
i like castles .
i like cookies .
i like cooking .
i like flowers .
i like history .
i like jogging .
i like mahjong .
i like picnics .
i like puzzles .
i like reading .
i like running .
i like seafood .
i like singing .
i like stories .
i like talking .
i like turtles .
i like walking .
i like working .
i live upstate .
i lost control .
i love animals .
i love bananas .
i love cookies .
i love cooking .
i love flowers .
i love lasagna .
i love parties .
i love puzzles .
i love reading .
i love secrets .
i love sunsets .
i love winning .
i made cookies .
i miss college .
i must decline .
i must protest .
i need answers .
i need friends .
i need support .
i need surgery .
i needed money .
i noticed that .
i often hiccup .
i often travel .
i paid nothing .
i plead guilty .
i predicted it .
i promised tom .
i quit smoking .
i raise cattle .
i ran upstairs .
i realize that .
i really tried .
i remember her .
i remember now .
i remember you .
i said nothing .
i saw somebody .
i sell flowers .
i smell coffee .
i speak french .
i started that .
i study french .
i study korean .
i teach french .
i thought hard .
i travel light .
i trusted them .
i turned right .
i urge caution .
i usually walk .
i walked alone .
i want answers .
i want details .
i want justice .
i want revenge .
i was attacked .
i was barefoot .
i was bluffing .
i was captured .
i was careless .
i was cleaning .
i was detained .
i was grateful .
i was impolite .
i was offended .
i was outdoors .
i was pardoned .
i was starving .
i was studying .
i was thinking .
i was upstairs .
i was watching .
i wasn't drunk .
i wasn't hired .
i wear glasses .
i went fishing .
i will survive .
i will testify .
i won't forget .
i won't return .
i'd be careful .
i'd be honored .
i'd rather die .
i'd rather not .
i'll ask later .
i'll be around .
i'll be direct .
i'll be honest .
i'll be inside .
i'll call them .
i'll cancel it .
i'll come back .
i'll get these .
i'll go anyway .
i'll go change .
i'll go myself .
i'll guide you .
i'll handle it .
i'll just wait .
i'll manage it .
i'll marry you .
i'll need that .
i'll pay later .
i'll pray hard .
i'll risk that .
i'll scold him .
i'll stay here .
i'll stay home .
i'll take over .
i'll treat you .
i'll trust you .
i'll try again .
i'll wait here .
i'll work hard .
i'm a diabetic .
i'm a musician .
i'm a salesman .
i'm afraid not .
i'm against it .
i'm all thumbs .
i'm behind him .
i'm being used .
i'm dead tired .
i'm doing well .
i'm eating now .
i'm firing you .
i'm free today .
i'm from kyoto .
i'm from tokyo .
i'm going back .
i'm going bald .
i'm happy here .
i'm having fun .
i'm just tired .
i'm making tea .
i'm no quitter .
i'm not amused .
i'm not asleep .
i'm not bitter .
i'm not cranky .
i'm not crying .
i'm not guilty .
i'm not insane .
i'm not joking .
i'm not lonely .
i'm not normal .
i'm not pretty .
i'm not racist .
i'm not scared .
i'm not skinny .
i'm not sleepy .
i'm not strong .
i'm old enough .
i'm on holiday .
i'm really old .
i'm right here .
i'm so thirsty .
i'm so unlucky !
i'm still busy .
i'm still here .
i'm the killer .
i'm the oldest .
i'm very happy .
i'm very short .
i'm very sorry .
i'm very tired .
i'm very upset .
i'm wide awake .
i've been busy .
i've got plans .
i've messed up .
i've seen that .
i've upset you .
is tom jealous ?
is tom working ?
is anyone here ?
is anyone hurt ?
is he american ?
is he japanese ?
is he sleeping ?
is it credible ?
is it finished ?
is lunch ready ?
is she married ?
is that better ?
is that enough ?
is that likely ?
is that normal ?
is that unfair ?
is this enough ?
is this normal ?
isn't it black ?
it all changed .
it feels silly .
it gets better .
it is saturday .
it is possible .
it looked real .
it makes sense .
it smells good !
it sounds easy .
it was awesome .
it was perfect .
it was raining .
it was snowing .
it wasn't easy .
it wasn't luck .
it wasn't mine .
it'll work now .
it's a bargain .
it's a classic .
it's a mistake .
it's a problem .
it's all clear .
it's all right .
it's all there .
it's all white .
it's all wrong .
it's all yours .
it's an ambush !
it's an excuse .
it's beyond me .
it's brand new .
it's no secret .
it's not funny .
it's not right .
it's our fault .
it's safe here .
it's so pretty .
it's the truth .
it's this book .
it's too early .
it's too large .
it's too quiet .
it's too risky .
it's too small .
it's very cold .
it's very dark .
it's very good .
it's very late .
it's well done .
it's your book .
it's your turn .
japan is weird .
just forget it .
just ignore it .
just sign here .
keep on trying .
kids are cruel .
leave me alone !
leave my house .
leave us alone .
let tom answer .
let tom decide .
let me explain .
let's be clear .
let's be happy .
let's call tom .
let's hurry up .
let's not talk .
let's sit down .
let's watch tv .
listen to this !
live and learn .
lock the doors .
lock your door .
look after tom .
look for clues .
lunch is ready .
make an effort .
make your move .
many fish died .
mary is lovely .
men are simple .
mum's the word .
my nose itches .
my tummy hurts .
no one arrived .
no one cheated .
no one escaped .
no one laughed .
no one noticed .
nobody is here .
now i remember .
only god knows .
open the doors .
open this door .
open your eyes .
open your hand .
pack your gear .
pigs can't fly .
please come in .
please help me .
please open it .
please say yes .
prepare to die .
prices went up .
pull over here .
read this book .
relax a moment .
say it clearly .
say that again .
science is fun .
seal the doors .
see you around .
shall we order ?
she adores him .
she called him .
she came alone .
she can't swim .
she choked him .
she cooks well .
she ditched me .
she dumped him .
she fooled him .
she gave money .
she got caught .
she grew roses .
she has brains .
she helped him .
she hugged him .
she is awkward .
she is dieting .
she is talking .
she isn't poor .
she kept quiet .
she kicked him .
she kissed him .
she liked that .
she likes wine .
she looked ill .
she loves cake .
she loves cats .
she might come .
she never lies .
she plays bach .
she seems rich .
she sings well .
she smells bad .
she swims well .
she teased him .
she trusts him .
she types well .
she was crying .
she works hard .
she's a beauty .
she's a hottie .
she's a looker .
she's an angel .
she's not here .
she's too loud .
should i close ?
should i leave ?
should i reply ?
should i start ?
should we wait ?
show us around .
shut that door .
shut your eyes .
stop poking me .
sugar is sweet .
summer is over .
take my advice !
take that back .
take your shot .
take your time .
tell the truth .
thanks a bunch .
thanks so much .
that took guts .
that was close .
that was great .
that was quick .
that was sweet .
that was weird .
that'll be all .
that's a crime .
that's a shame .
that's a tower .
that's for you .
that's my beer .
that's my idea .
that's my wish .
that's no good .
that's not bad .
that's not how .
that's not why .
that's so hard .
that's the law .
that's the way .
that's too bad .
the baby cried .
the birds sang .
the dog barked .
the ice melted .
the roof leaks .
their eyes met .
there's a risk .
there's a snag .
these are mine .
they adore tom .
they all drank .
they are alone .
they are bored .
they asked him .
they found out .
they hated tom .
they have wine .
they just left .
they look cool .
they loved tom .
they ruined it .
they smell bad .
they want more .
they want this .
they were busy .
they work hard .
think about it .
this dog bites .
this is absurd .
this is creepy .
this is doable .
this is insane .
this is normal .
this is pretty .
this is theirs .
this is tricky .
this is unsafe .
this is urgent .
those are mine .
those are nice .
throw it there .
tie your shoes .
time will tell .
tom can't swim .
tom draws well .
tom fired mary .
tom is driving .
tom is helpful .
tom is kidding .
tom is leaving .
tom is married .
tom is packing .
tom is playing .
tom is starved .
tom is staying .
tom is talking .
tom is working .
tom isn't dumb .
tom isn't here .
tom isn't rich .
tom knows that .
tom liked that .
tom likes snow .
tom looks sick .
tom loves mary .
tom may change .
tom needs help .
tom needs this .
tom needs work .
tom seems lost .
tom seems nice .
tom stopped it .
tom trusts him .
tom trusts you .
tom warned you .
tom was better .
tom was lonely .
tom won't know .
tom won't mind .
tom's a doctor .
tom's not here .
treat her well .
treat him well .
try this sauce .
wash your face .
wash your feet .
watch the door .
watch the rear .
watch the road .
we all cheered .
we all laughed .
we almost left .
we can proceed .
we could crash .
we didn't kiss .
we have enough .
we have guests .
we just landed .
we knew enough .
we know enough .
we love coffee .
we met earlier .
we must attack .
we must decide .
we must escape .
we need action .
we need heroes .
we needed help .
we needed this .
we never voted .
we only kissed .
we saw nothing .
we shook hands .
we should help .
we should wait .
we study music .
we want change .
we were beaten .
we were wasted .
we'll be there .
we'll call you .
we'll help you .
we'll miss tom .
we'll miss you .
we'll paint it .
we're a couple .
we're a family .
we're all busy .
we're all done .
we're all ears .
we're all here .
we're all safe .
we're here now .
we're not cops .
we're not done .
we're not free .
we're not home .
we're not late .
we're not lost .
we're not open .
we're not rich .
we're not safe .
we're not sure .
we're safe now .
we're so sorry .
we're the best .
we're the last .
we're the same .
we're too busy .
we're too late .
we're too weak .
we're up early .
we've seen her .
we've seen him .
were they good ?
were you happy ?
were you there ?
what a country !
what a letdown !
what a miracle !
what a thought !
what a tragedy !
what about you ?
what are these ?
what are those ?
what's it like ?
where are they ?
where is paris ?
where were you ?
where's my bag ?
where's my car ?
who broke this ?
who called you ?
who goes there ?
who killed tom ?
who knows that ?
who wants this ?
who would care ?
who's that boy ?
who's this guy ?
whose are they ?
wind the clock .
wipe your nose .
you are morons .
you are stupid .
you aren't tom .
you disgust me .
you look bored .
you look great .
you look happy .
you look smart .
you look tired .
you look upset .
you must leave .
you need sleep .
you screwed up .
you seem happy .
you seem upset .
you should eat .
you smashed it .
you smell good .
you were great .
you were happy .
you'd like tom .
you'll all die .
you'll be fine .
you'll be safe .
you're a prude .
you're all mad .
you're all set .
you're in luck .
you're my type .
you're no help .
you're not bad .
you're not fat .
you're not fit .
you're so mean .
you're the pro .
you've done it !
your wife left .
a boat capsized .
about what time ?
adjust your tie .
ain't that cute ?
all are present .
anybody in here ?
anybody see you ?
anybody will do .
are drinks free ?
are these yours ?
are we finished ?
are we prepared ?
are you chinese ?
are you certain ?
are you doctors ?
are you dressed ?
are you envious ?
are you excited ?
are you healthy ?
are you insured ?
are you jealous ?
are you kidding ?
are you looking ?
are you married ?
are you nervous ?
are you relaxed ?
are you serious ?
are you sincere ?
are you sisters ?
are you thirsty ?
are you working ?
aren't we lucky ?
aren't you cold ?
aren't you late ?
ask me anything !
balls are round .
be more precise .
be very careful .
bees make honey .
black suits you .
boil some water .
boys are stupid .
bring that here .
call me anytime .
call the police !
can anyone help ?
can you whistle ?
catch you later .
cats catch mice .
cats like boxes .
change is scary .
check these out .
clean your room .
close that door .
close your eyes .
come back later .
come home early .
come in already .
count to thirty .
did anyone care ?
did someone die ?
dinner is ready .
do you disagree ?
do you remember ?
does that count ?
don't attack me .
don't back away .
don't be afraid .
don't be scared .
don't cheat him .
don't follow me .
don't forget us .
don't freak out .
don't get angry .
don't look away .
don't look back .
don't overdo it .
don't play dumb !
don't remind me .
don't resist us .
don't run risks .
don't stay here .
don't trust him .
don't you agree ?
enjoy your food .
enjoy your meal !
enjoy your stay .
enjoy your trip .
everyone did it .
everyone saw it .
everyone was ok .
expect no mercy .
fasten the gate .
follow that car .
get there early .
get your mother .
girls are crazy .
go home quickly .
grab the bottom .
green suits you .
guys are stupid .
he acts quickly .
he betrayed you .
he came running .
he had ambition .
he hardly works .
he intrigues me .
he is depressed .
he is unmarried .
he just arrived .
he kept talking .
he likes soccer .
he likes sweets .
he looks gloomy .
he looks strong .
he loves coffee .
he loves soccer .
he loves trains .
he mentioned it .
he missed class .
he never laughs .
he plays soccer .
he said nothing .
he seems honest .
he sells whisky .
he sounds angry .
he studied hard .
he swindled her .
he was cheating .
he was outraged .
he was standing .
he went surfing .
he will survive .
he wore glasses .
he writes books .
he's a comedian .
he's a freshman .
he's a gardener .
he's a newcomer .
he's a slowpoke .
he's a southpaw .
he's going bald .
he's helping me .
he's my husband .
he's my partner .
he's not stupid .
he's right here .
he's wide awake .
her father died .
here's the bill .
horses run fast .
how is everyone ?
how's the water ?
how's your cold ?
how's your wife ?
i abhor spiders .
i am undressing .
i amused myself .
i appreciate it .
i baked cookies .
i believed that .
i can't breathe .
i can't compete .
i chickened out .
i cooked dinner .
i couldn't walk .
i deserved that .
i didn't forget .
i didn't listen .
i didn't notice .
i didn't scream .
i didn't shower .
i disobeyed you .
i do understand .
i downloaded it .
i enjoy reading .
i enjoy working .
i escaped death .
i expected more .
i expected this .
i feel betrayed .
i feel feverish .
i feel homesick .
i feel horrible .
i feel nauseous .
i feel relieved .
i feel terrible .
i feel terrific .
i felt betrayed .
i felt isolated .
i finished last .
i follow orders .
i got remarried .
i got sunburned .
i grow tomatoes .
i guessed right .
i hate children .
i hate everyone .
i hate fanatics .
i hate fighting .
i hate funerals .
i hate politics .
i hate reptiles .
i hate shopping .
i hate studying .
i hate violence .
i hate weddings .
i have children .
i have diabetes .
i have evidence .
i have finished .
i have homework .
i have immunity .
i have returned .
i haven't eaten .
i haven't slept .
i haven't tried .
i hear laughing .
i heard screams .
i heard yelling .
i imagined that .
i just finished .
i just panicked .
i just showered .
i like baseball .
i like cartoons .
i like children .
i like sleeping .
i like swimming .
i like teaching .
i lost interest .
i love barbecue .
i love comedies .
i love eggplant .
i love swimming .
i love teaching .
i love weddings .
i made brownies .
i missed supper .
i motivated you .
i must continue .
i need internet .
i need caffeine .
i need guidance .
i never noticed .
i ordered pizza .
i outwitted him .
i played tennis .
i prefer biking .
i prefer coffee .
i raise orchids .
i remember that .
i remember them .
i remember this .
i remembered it .
i saw something .
i see something .
i smell trouble .
i smelled bacon .
i study english .
i take vitamins .
i teach chinese .
i totally agree .
i understand it .
i want children .
i was assaulted .
i was concerned .
i was convicted .
i was disgusted .
i was dismissed .
i was exhausted .
i was horrified .
i was impressed .
i was kidnapped .
i was petrified .
i was satisfied .
i was skeptical .
i was surprised .
i was terrified .
i wasn't asleep .
i wasn't joking .
i will continue .
i wouldn't care .
i'd be grateful .
i'd rather read .
i'd rather stay .
i'd rather walk .
i'll allow this .
i'll arrange it .
i'll ask around .
i'll assist you .
i'll be careful .
i'll be present .
i'll be working .
i'll destroy it .
i'll follow you .
i'll just leave .
i'll never stop .
i'll never tell .
i'll order food .
i'll pay double .
i'll play along .
i'll sleep here .
i'll stay close .
i'll take those .
i'll try harder .
i'll work alone .
i'm a foreigner .
i'm a housewife .
i'm a masochist .
i'm about ready .
i'm an engineer .
i'm begging you .
i'm catching on .
i'm cleaned out .
i'm coming home .
i'm cracking up .
i'm eating here .
i'm feeling fit .
i'm feeling low .
i'm from brazil .
i'm from france .
i'm from turkey .
i'm from zambia .
i'm getting old .
i'm going crazy .
i'm leaving now .
i'm lucky today .
i'm married now .
i'm not english .
i'm not alarmed .
i'm not arguing .
i'm not ashamed .
i'm not certain .
i'm not chicken .
i'm not cooking .
i'm not jealous .
i'm not kidding .
i'm not leaving .
i'm not married .
i'm not nervous .
i'm not patient .
i'm not perfect .
i'm not selfish .
i'm not staying .
i'm not unhappy .
i'm not wealthy .
i'm not worried .
i'm now unarmed .
i'm on vacation .
i'm only joking .
i'm pretty busy .
i'm quite happy .
i'm quite tired .
i'm rather busy .
i'm really busy .
i'm really cold .
i'm so confused .
i'm the captain .
i'm the surgeon .
i'm the teacher .
i'm truly sorry .
i'm very hungry .
i'm very modest .
i'm very sleepy .
i'm very strict .
i'm watching tv .
i'm your doctor .
i'm your friend .
i'm your lawyer .
i'm your sister .
i've been wrong .
i've had enough .
is tom dreaming ?
is anybody here ?
is anybody home ?
is anybody hurt ?
is anyone there ?
is everybody ok ?
is he breathing ?
is it dangerous ?
is it happening ?
is it hazardous ?
is it important ?
is it poisonous ?
is she japanese ?
is that correct ?
is that genuine ?
is that healthy ?
is that illegal ?
is that unusual ?
is this correct ?
is this ethical ?
is this natural ?
is this serious ?
is today monday ?
isn't it enough ?
isn't it lovely ?
isn't that nice ?
isn't that ours ?
isn't that true ?
isn't this nice ?
it doesn't hurt .
it isn't locked .
it looked awful .
it looked fresh .
it looked funny .
it seems likely .
it smells burnt .
it sounded easy .
it sounds crazy .
it sounds great !
it tasted sweet .
it was enticing .
it was fabulous .
it was horrible .
it was personal .
it was unlocked .
it wasn't funny .
it'll be better .
it'll be tricky .
it's a disgrace .
it's a shortcut .
it's a surprise .
it's a travesty .
it's about time .
it's an outrage .
it's cold today !
it's cool today .
it's dirt cheap .
it's dirty work .
it's easy money .
it's fine today .
it's just blood .
it's just money .
it's just wrong .
it's my problem .
it's no problem .
it's not broken .
it's not enough .
it's not pretty .
it's not secure .
it's not stupid .
it's only blood .
it's only money .
it's pretty bad .
it's pretty hot .
it's pretty new .
it's quite good .
it's quite nice .
it's quite safe .
it's really bad .
it's really big .
it's really fun .
it's really sad .
it's so obvious .
it's so strange .
it's so typical .
it's still dark .
it's still mine .
it's still warm .
it's tax season .
it's too bright .
it's too narrow .
it's very clean .
it's very close .
it's very early .
it's very humid .
it's very risky .
it's very small .
it's very sweet .
it's your money .
jesus loves you .
jobs are scarce .
just ignore her .
just ignore him .
keep on smiling .
keep the secret .
know your enemy .
koalas are cute .
leave a message .
leave her alone .
leave him alone .
leave it closed .
leave our house .
lemons are sour .
let's get drunk .
let's get going .
let's live here .
let's not argue .
let's not fight .
let's not gloat .
let's not panic .
let's rest here .
let's start now .
let's stay here .
let's stop here .
let's talk soon .
let's try again .
let's turn back .
let's wait here .
life ain't easy .
life isn't easy .
life's not easy .
listen a minute .
lock the office .
lock your doors .
look around you .
look behind you .
make a decision .
make it smaller .
make some noise !
mary's my niece .
may i interrupt ?
maybe it's true .
maybe next time .
men should work .
my bottle broke .
my jeans shrank .
my shift's over .
natto is sticky .
nature is cruel .
nature is scary .
neither is true .
never say never .
never tell lies .
nice seeing you !
no one answered .
no one flinched .
no one's around .
no taxi stopped .
nobody was home .
now i'm serious .
now stop crying .
open the bottle .
open your mouth !
parties are fun .
parties bore me .
please call him .
please help tom .
please hurry up !
please sit down !
please sit here .
prices are high .
raise your hand .
remove your hat .
repeat after me .
school bores me .
science is cool .
sharks eat fish .
she admired him .
she adores cats .
she calmed down .
she deserved it .
she forgave him .
she is canadian .
she is japanese .
she is graceful .
she is powerful .
she is stubborn .
she looked away .
she looks young .
she married him .
she never reads .
she pinched him .
she scolded him .
she seems happy .
she seems tired .
she slapped him .
she sounded mad .
she stabbed him .
she tempted him .
she trusted you .
she was panting .
she was perfect .
she went inside .
she worked hard .
she's in danger .
she's my friend .
she's my sister .
she's no singer .
she's very tall .
sheep eat grass .
should we start ?
should we worry ?
shut your mouth .
sit right there .
sit up straight .
sound the alarm !
speak your mind .
spring has come .
stay right here .
stay very still .
stop doing that .
stop hitting me !
stop right here .
stop teasing me .
summer has come .
suni is playing .
take a breather .
take no chances .
that can happen .
that dog jumped .
that is correct .
that isn't fair .
that looks good .
that might help .
that won't work !
that's a relief .
that's about it .
that's all true .
that's an order .
that's my chair .
that's my fault .
that's not cool .
that's not fair .
that's not good .
that's not love .
that's not nice .
that's not true .
that's so weird .
that's the snag .
that's the word .
that's too easy .
that's too long .
that's too much !
that's very big .
that's very odd .
the answer's no .
the baby's fine .
the bike's mine .
the dog growled .
the door opened .
the engine died .
the house stank .
the leaves fell .
the man blushed .
the soup's cold .
the team waited .
there she comes .
there was music .
there's a catch .
there's a table .
there's my team .
there's no cure .
there's no door .
there's no exit .
there's no food .
there's no gold .
there's no hope .
there's no rush .
there's no salt .
there's no time .
there's our bus .
there's the rub .
they all hugged .
they all talked .
they are actors .
they are melons .
they blocked it .
they can manage .
they caught tom .
they deserve it .
they don't care .
they don't help .
they feared you .
they greeted me .
they held hands .
they helped tom .
they left early .
they live apart .
they look bored .
they look happy .
they lost again .
they missed tom .
they seem happy .
they visited us .
they want peace .
they went crazy .
they were lucky .
they were naive .
they were yours .
they'll be fine .
they'll find us .
they'll kill me .
they're all bad .
they're not bad .
they're too fat .
they're with me .
this book's new .
this is amazing .
this is awesome .
this is correct .
this is foolish .
this is hogwash .
this is illegal .
this is nothing .
this is painful .
this is perfect .
this is private .
this is reality .
this is rubbish .
this is typical .
this is unusual .
this is useless .
this isn't safe .
this looks good .
this might hurt .
those are gifts .
time for dinner .
today is friday .
today is sunday .
today is hectic .
tom ate quickly .
tom believed it .
tom called back .
tom didn't call .
tom hugged mary .
tom is deranged .
tom is laughing .
tom is likeable .
tom is quitting .
tom is reckless .
tom is relieved .
tom is speaking .
tom is studying .
tom is sweating .
tom is tireless .
tom is tolerant .
tom is watching .
tom kicked mary .
tom killed mary .
tom kissed mary .
tom likes chess .
tom looked back .
tom looks great .
tom looks happy .
tom never comes .
tom never falls .
tom quit school .
tom seems angry .
tom seems happy .
tom seems young .
tom stayed calm .
tom turned pale .
tom wanted that .
tom warned mary .
tom was nervous .
tom was popular .
tom was sobbing .
tom wasn't sure .
tom went inside .
tom writes well .
tom's my friend .
trust is earned .
unlock the door .
wait one second .
wait right here .
walls have ears .
wash your hands .
watch the front .
watch your back .
watch your step .
watch your toes .
we all suffered .
we are brothers .
we are students .
we are teachers .
we are watching .
we ate together .
we can't attend .
we can't escape .
we closed early .
we declared war .
we don't forget .
we have refused .
we lack nothing .
we love picnics .
we made waffles .
we must retreat .
we must succeed .
we need experts .
we never forget .
we played chess .
we realize that .
we respect them .
we run together .
we said nothing .
we shared ideas .
we should study .
we speak french .
we study arabic .
we study french .
we travel light .
we want answers .
we want revenge .
we were friends .
we were sailing .
we were winning .
we were worried .
we will survive .
we'll catch you .
we'll get there .
we'll stay here .
we'll stop them .
we'll wait here .
we're all alone .
we're all angry .
we're all armed .
we're all bored .
we're all crazy .
we're all dying .
we're all going .
we're both fine .
we're done here .
we're fixing it .
we're from here .
we're giving up .
we're going now .
we're going out .
we're in charge .
we're in danger .
we're losing it .
we're not alone .
we're not fools .
we're not fussy .
we're not going .
we're not happy .
we're not ready .
we're not young .
we're past that .
we're ready now .
we're safe here .
we're too close .
we're very busy .
we've been busy .
we've no choice .
what a blessing !
what a disaster !
what a pleasure !
what a prospect !
what a surprise !
what a treasure !
what drives you ?
what is missing ?
what scared you ?
what was inside ?
what was stolen ?
what's tom like ?
what's all this ?
what's going on ?
what's his name ?
what's in there ?
what's it about ?
what's its name ?
what's kept you ?
what's my prize ?
what's so funny ?
what's the cost ?
what's the idea ?
what's the plan ?
what's the rush ?
what's the time ?
what's your gpa ?
what's your job ?
what've you got ?
where is father ?
where's tom now ?
where's my book ?
where's the bag ?
where's the cat ?
where's the dog ?
where's the map ?
where's the oar ?
who likes beans ?
who punched you ?
who wants jello ?
who's been shot ?
who's in charge ?
who's that girl ?
will he recover ?
women love that .
words failed me .
you almost died .
you are naughty .
you are tallest .
you can't leave .
you cannot lose .
you deserved it .
you know enough .
you know people .
you look strong .
you look stupid .
you lucky devil !
you mustn't lie .
you nearly died .
you should stop .
you sound angry .
you sound tired .
you startled me !
you will listen .
you'd better go .
you're all done .
you're all mine .
you're an idiot .
you're my enemy .
you're no saint .
you're not dead .
you're not late .
you're not sick .
you're safe now .
you're so bossy .
you're so picky .
you're so sweet .
you're so wrong .
you're the best .
you're the boss .
you're too loud .
you're too slow .
you're too weak .
you've been had .
you've found it .
yours is better .
air is invisible .
all are welcomed .
answer the phone .
anybody knows it .
are they friends ?
are you american ?
are you japanese ?
are you blushing ?
are you drinking ?
are you finished ?
are you homeless ?
are you pregnant ?
are you students ?
are you studying ?
aren't you happy ?
aren't you tired ?
be more flexible .
be there tonight .
birds have wings .
bite your tongue .
brush your teeth .
business is slow .
call a policeman .
call me tomorrow .
can anyone drive ?
can rabbits swim ?
can you continue ?
check your order .
close the window .
concentrate , tom .
consult a doctor .
cows supply milk .
did anyone laugh ?
do it delicately .
do not interfere !
do your homework .
does anyone care ?
dogs are barking .
don't be alarmed .
don't be foolish .
don't come again .
don't deceive me .
don't disturb me .
don't drink that .
don't leave town .
don't lose heart .
don't make noise .
don't mention it .
don't touch this !
drink more water .
drink some water .
drink this juice .
eat meals slowly .
eat your spinach .
eat your veggies .
everybody saw it .
everyone had fun .
everyone is here .
evil always wins .
family is family .
follow my advice .
follow the rules .
food costs money .
for what purpose ?
forget about her .
gardening is fun .
have some coffee .
have you decided ?
have you ordered ?
he became famous .
he began running .
he died recently .
he died suddenly .
he doesn't drink .
he doesn't sleep .
he fell backward .
he hates carrots .
he hates himself .
he hates running .
he hates spiders .
he is distracted .
he is photogenic .
he isn't married .
he isn't perfect .
he likes animals .
he likes fishing .
he likes hunting .
he likes oranges .
he looked around .
he looks healthy .
he loves animals .
he loves singing .
he moves quickly .
he played tennis .
he remained dumb .
he scares easily .
he slept soundly .
he speaks french .
he told everyone .
he turned around .
he was acquitted .
he was impressed .
he was intrigued .
he was tenacious .
he wears glasses .
he wears pajamas .
he went shopping .
he works sundays .
he writes arabic .
he's a bartender .
he's a gentleman .
he's a historian .
he's a nonsmoker .
he's a sophomore .
he's getting old .
he's love struck .
he's not married .
he's not perfect .
he's not serious .
he's still alive .
he's watching me .
he's your father .
he's your friend .
heaven knows why .
here's my chance .
here's your beer .
here's your milk .
how very curious !
how you've grown !
how're you doing ?
how's that again ?
i abhor violence .
i almost drowned .
i am dumbfounded .
i appreciated it .
i begin tomorrow .
i bowed politely .
i brought dinner .
i called earlier .
i came yesterday .
i can reschedule .
i can't complain .
i can't remember .
i cannot whistle .
i confiscated it .
i could've cried .
i couldn't speak .
i couldn't stand .
i deserve better .
i did everything .
i dislike coffee .
i disregarded it .
i don't disagree .
i don't remember .
i enjoy swimming .
i enjoyed myself .
i expected worse .
i feel empowered .
i feel flattered .
i feel powerless .
i feel protected .
i feel refreshed .
i feel wonderful .
i felt depressed .
i felt powerless .
i felt wonderful .
i finished first .
i found somebody .
i got goosebumps .
i hate halloween .
i hate chemistry .
i hate computers .
i hate hypocrisy .
i hate paperwork .
i hate surprises .
i hate traveling .
i have allergies .
i have forgotten .
i have heartburn .
i have insurance .
i have questions .
i have something .
i have standards .
i hear something .
i heard coughing .
i like astrology .
i like mysteries .
i like surprises .
i like traveling .
i love christmas .
i love astronomy .
i love chocolate .
i love gardening .
i love libraries .
i love surprises .
i love traveling .
i made breakfast .
i must apologize .
i nearly starved .
i need envelopes .
i need subtitles .
i paid attention .
i prefer reading .
i prefer walking .
i ran downstairs .
i really hurried .
i recommend this .
i regret nothing .
i require advice .
i saw everything .
i sell computers .
i sell umbrellas .
i started crying .
i strongly agree .
i totally forgot .
i understand why .
i understand you .
i visited boston .
i want vengeance .
i was astonished .
i was devastated .
i was distracted .
i was dumbstruck .
i was frightened .
i was frustrated .
i was humiliated .
i was speechless .
i was threatened .
i was unprepared .
i wasn't invited .
i wasn't kidding .
i wasn't serious .
i will translate .
i would complain .
i'd be delighted .
i'll be discreet .
i'll bring lunch .
i'll check again .
i'll do anything .
i'll forgive you .
i'll go shopping .
i'll handle this .
i'll have dinner .
i'll ignore that .
i'll never learn .
i'll never leave .
i'll protect tom .
i'll protect you .
i'll support him .
i'll treasure it .
i'll wash dishes .
i'm tom's cousin .
i'm a shutterbug .
i'm all confused .
i'm already done .
i'm already rich .
i'm always happy .
i'm always moody .
i'm between jobs .
i'm confused now .
i'm eating lunch .
i'm fairly happy .
i'm feeling good .
i'm freaking out .
i'm from america .
i'm from croatia .
i'm from england .
i'm from romania .
i'm happy enough .
i'm inviting you .
i'm just curious .
i'm just kidding .
i'm just looking .
i'm killing time .
i'm no different .
i'm not bluffing .
i'm not blushing !
i'm not bragging .
i'm not counting .
i'm not dreaming .
i'm not fighting .
i'm not finished .
i'm not mistaken .
i'm not offended .
i'm not outgoing .
i'm not paranoid .
i'm pretty angry .
i'm pretty happy .
i'm real careful .
i'm really angry .
i'm really happy .
i'm really tired .
i'm staying here .
i'm still hungry .
i'm still single .
i'm still sleepy .
i'm still trying .
i'm stronger now .
i'm super hungry .
i'm very serious .
i'm very thirsty .
i'm watching you .
i'm working here .
i'm your brother .
i'm your partner .
i've got company .
i've lost weight .
i've never tried .
i've never voted .
i've seen enough .
is anybody there ?
is everyone busy ?
is everyone here ?
is everything ok ?
is it accessible ?
is it contagious ?
is she beautiful ?
isn't that awful ?
isn't that right ?
it almost worked .
it couldn't hurt .
it doesn't count .
it happened here .
it looks painful .
it needs washing .
it seemed likely .
it sounds simple .
it was effective .
it wasn't enough .
it wouldn't hurt .
it'll never work .
it's a snowstorm .
it's a sunflower .
it's all perfect .
it's all settled .
it's almost over .
it's almost time .
it's balmy today .
it's deer season .
it's easily done .
it's good enough .
it's my pleasure .
it's not illegal .
it's not logical .
it's not natural .
it's pretty cold .
it's quite large .
it's so exciting .
it's still alive .
it's very simple .
it's very sticky .
it's your choice .
just follow them .
just keep moving .
keep me informed .
leave that alone .
let's be careful .
let's be friends .
let's cross here .
let's go camping .
let's go dancing .
let's have lunch .
let's have sushi .
let's keep quiet .
let's play cards .
let's play catch .
let's play house .
let's start here .
light the candle .
lower your voice .
make your choice .
mary is charming .
mary is divorced .
maybe it'll snow .
my stomach hurts .
my wallet's gone .
no one disagreed .
no one responded .
no one's looking .
no one's perfect .
no one's talking .
no one's working .
nobody does that .
nobody likes her .
nobody likes war .
nobody likes you .
nobody loves war .
nobody must know .
nobody showed up .
nobody will know .
now i understand .
oil is expensive .
open the windows .
open these doors .
people are dying .
people will talk .
pets are allowed .
please answer me .
please be honest .
please be polite .
please come here .
please copy this .
please don't cry .
please don't die !
please follow me .
please phone him .
please sign here .
please sit still .
please try again .
please wait here .
quit hassling me .
rabbits can swim .
raise your hands .
read the article .
roses smell good .
school is boring .
school's not fun .
search the house .
see for yourself .
see you tomorrow .
shall i continue ?
she attacked him .
she became happy .
she began crying .
she betrayed you .
she defeated him .
she despises him .
she didn't reply .
she disliked him .
she divorced him .
she idolized him .
she insulted him .
she is easygoing .
she is obstinate .
she kept working .
she rejected him .
she repulses him .
she said goodbye .
she spoke wisely .
she startled him .
she studies hard .
she surprised me .
she was homesick .
she was promoted .
she was swimming .
she wore glasses .
she worships him .
she's very upset .
should we cancel ?
so what happened ?
some pitied them .
somebody saw you .
someone is lying .
spiders scare me .
spring is coming .
stay right there .
stop being cruel .
stop right there .
stop showing off !
summer has ended .
summer is coming .
swimming is easy .
take tom outside .
thank you kindly .
thanks a million .
thanks very much .
that didn't work .
that explains it .
that makes sense .
that plan failed .
that seems right .
that smells nice .
that was amazing .
that was awesome .
that wasn't good .
that's a promise .
that's about all .
that's all wrong .
that's his house .
that's idle talk .
that's my affair .
that's no excuse .
that's no secret .
that's not funny .
that's not wrong .
that's not yours .
that's our fault .
that's our house .
that's so ironic .
that's so untrue .
that's the point .
that's very easy .
that's very true .
that's your duty .
the answer's yes .
the door creaked .
the party's over .
the twins smiled .
the water's cold .
the water's warm .
there's no doubt .
there's no guard .
there's no hurry .
there's no knife .
there's no limit .
there's no money .
there's no proof .
there's no sugar .
they all changed .
they all cheated .
they all cheered .
they all drowned .
they all entered .
they all scoffed .
they all stopped .
they all watched .
they are russian .
they are arguing .
they are artists .
they are doctors .
they are singers .
they blocked her .
they calmed down .
they deceived us .
they deserved it .
they despise you .
they go shopping .
they got married .
they grew closer .
they like apples .
they live nearby .
they love coffee .
they saw nothing .
they trusted you .
they'll kill you .
they're all dead .
they're all fake .
they're all gone .
they're all here .
they're all mine .
they're all nuts .
they're all safe .
they're not dead .
they're not evil .
they're not mine .
they're so funny .
they've all left .
things got weird .
this doesn't fit .
this feels right .
this is accurate .
this is annoying .
this is hopeless .
this is insanity .
this is nonsense .
this is official .
this is personal .
this is puzzling .
this is required .
this is shameful .
this is terrible .
this isn't funny .
this isn't legal .
this makes sense .
this seems risky .
this smells good .
this tastes good .
today is tuesday .
tom almost cried .
tom brought that .
tom changed jobs .
tom clearly lied .
tom didn't laugh .
tom doesn't know .
tom doesn't read .
tom has charisma .
tom hates school .
tom hates sports .
tom helped again .
tom hurt himself .
tom is bilingual .
tom is dangerous .
tom is forgetful .
tom is important .
tom is merciless .
tom isn't crying .
tom isn't joking .
tom isn't strong .
tom isn't stupid .
tom kept digging .
tom kept reading .
tom kept singing .
tom likes cheese .
tom likes ponies .
tom looked young .
tom never sleeps .
tom often smiles .
tom plays tennis .
tom punched mary .
tom reads slowly .
tom sounds angry .
tom spoke calmly .
tom stopped mary .
tom studies hard .
tom walks slowly .
tom was abducted .
tom was cheerful .
tom was upstairs .
tom went fishing .
tom won't retire .
try another door .
try this instead .
turn right there .
war's not pretty .
was anybody hurt ?
was it necessary ?
wasn't it enough ?
watch your speed .
water the plants .
we arrived first .
we ate swordfish .
we both competed .
we came together .
we considered it .
we demand action .
we enjoy talking .
we got separated .
we hate violence .
we have homework .
we have injuries .
we heard screams .
we left together .
we like children .
we live together .
we make mistakes .
we mean business .
we must continue .
we must evacuate .
we must withdraw .
we need evidence .
we need exercise .
we need somebody .
we need supplies .
we saw something .
we spoke briefly .
we study chinese .
we told everyone .
we were ambushed .
we were mistaken .
we were partners .
we were soldiers .
we were together .
we weren't happy .
we weren't lucky .
we work together .
we'll be careful .
we'll be working .
we'll follow tom .
we'll never know .
we'll talk later .
we're all afraid .
we're all hungry .
we're all scared .
we're all single .
we're all unique .
we're alone here .
we're back early .
we're being used .
we're both right .
we're both wrong .
we're doing well .
we're getting it .
we're going back .
we're going down .
we're going east .
we're going west .
we're half right .
we're having fun .
we're here alone .
we're here early .
we're home early .
we're in college .
we're in control .
we're in trouble .
we're just lucky .
we're just tired .
we're not buying .
we're not dating .
we're not eating .
we're not family .
we're not guilty .
we're not moving .
we're not needed .
we're not stupid .
we're right here .
we're still here .
we're taking off .
we're the owners .
we're very close .
we're very happy .
we've got enough .
were you excited ?
were you sincere ?
what a hypocrite !
what a nightmare !
what happens now ?
what's for lunch ?
what's he hiding ?
what's it called ?
what's she doing ?
what's that bird ?
what's the catch ?
what's the hurry ?
what's the score ?
what's this mess ?
what's your beef ?
what's your name ?
what's your plan ?
what's your wish ?
what've you done ?
whatever you say .
where's a mirror ?
where's my money ?
where's my phone ?
where's the boss ?
where's the exit ?
where's the park ?
where's the rest ?
where's your dog ?
which is cheaper ?
who notified you ?
who ordered that ?
who painted that ?
who painted this ?
who's had enough ?
who's in control ?
who's not coming ?
will that change ?
words failed her .
words failed him .
yolks are yellow .
you abandoned me .
you are blushing .
you are children .
you are deranged .
you are dreaming .
you are fabulous .
you are gorgeous .
you are hopeless .
you aren't wrong .
you better hurry .
you look amazing .
you look nervous .
you look perfect .
you look younger .
you were perfect .
you will survive .
you're a traitor .
you're all alone .
you're all crazy .
you're all happy .
you're all right .
you're in danger .
you're my friend .
you're no doctor .
you're no singer .
you're not alone .
you're not dying .
you're not fired .
you're so pretty .
you're too naive .
you're too tense .
you're very busy .
you're very good .
you're very late .
you're very nice .
you're very open .
you're very rude .
you're very tall .
you're very wise .
adjust the brakes .
advance two steps .
are they japanese ?
are they brothers ?
are they students ?
are you available ?
are you bachelors ?
are you contented ?
are you listening ?
are you religious ?
are you surprised ?
aren't you hungry ?
aren't you sleepy ?
ask your question .
birds build nests .
break time's over .
breathe in deeply .
call an ambulance .
call her tomorrow .
can we reschedule ?
can you elaborate ?
champagne , please .
choose one person .
christmas is soon .
come here quickly .
compare the facts .
crime doesn't pay .
diet is important .
disable the alarm .
do you understand ?
does truth matter ?
dogs are faithful .
don't deceive him .
don't fire anyone .
don't forget that .
don't get excited .
don't hurt anyone .
don't repeat that .
don't tell anyone .
don't threaten me .
don't turn around .
drop your weapons !
everybody is fine .
everybody is sore .
everyone got sick .
everyone is angry .
everyone is drunk .
everyone is going .
everyone is happy .
everyone is tired .
everyone knows me .
everyone sat down .
everyone was hurt .
everything is bad .
everything is new .
everything is set .
finish your drink .
fire is dangerous .
get ready quickly .
go straight ahead .
god bless america .
goodnight , mother .
haste makes waste .
have you finished ?
he appeared young .
he arrived safely .
he became furious .
he blackmailed me .
he didn't protest .
he died yesterday .
he doesn't listen .
he drives roughly .
he exhaled loudly .
he hanged himself .
he hates shopping .
he is incompetent .
he is influential .
he is intelligent .
he is introverted .
he is unrealistic .
he killed himself .
he likes sleeping .
he lives frugally .
he looks confused .
he looks familiar .
he requested help .
he saw everything .
he speaks chinese .
he speaks english .
he speaks russian .
he speaks quickly .
he takes vitamins .
he teaches arabic .
he walked quietly .
he was imprisoned .
he went ballistic .
he writes scripts .
he's a journalist .
he's already left .
he's an undergrad .
he's from georgia .
he's just arrived .
he's looking good .
he's really quick .
he's sound asleep .
he's still single .
he's swimming now .
he's tickled pink .
he's too trusting .
her eyes darkened .
here's my receipt .
here's some water .
here's the change .
here's your drink .
hold that thought .
how about running ?
how about tonight ?
how's the weather ?
how's your family ?
how's your father ?
how's your mother ?
i appreciate that .
i appreciate this .
i braked suddenly .
i brought cookies .
i called security .
i changed clothes .
i checked outside .
i considered that .
i could intervene .
i couldn't refuse .
i deny everything .
i deserved better .
i didn't graduate .
i didn't register .
i don't negotiate .
i enjoy traveling .
i feel ridiculous .
i feel vulnerable .
i felt threatened .
i finally escaped .
i hate exercising .
i hate hypocrites .
i hate mosquitoes .
i have apologized .
i have everything .
i haven't decided .
i haven't started .
i heard screaming .
i heard something .
i itch everywhere .
i just remembered .
i know everything .
i lack confidence .
i like challenges .
i like sauerkraut .
i lost everything .
i love california .
i love performing .
i need protection .
i need volunteers .
i never oversleep .
i overslept again .
i played football .
i should've asked .
i should've known .
i shouldn't drink .
i shouldn't worry .
i sometimes skate .
i stopped smoking .
i teach geography .
i think otherwise .
i truly apologize .
i understand this .
i want everything .
i wanted sympathy .
i was daydreaming .
i was defenseless .
i was discouraged .
i was discredited .
i was dumbfounded .
i was embarrassed .
i was outnumbered .
i was overwhelmed .
i was sympathetic .
i was trespassing .
i was unconscious .
i wasn't finished .
i wasn't flirting .
i wasn't informed .
i wasn't involved .
i wasn't sleeping .
i won't negotiate .
i would've waited .
i'd appreciate it .
i'd be devastated .
i'll arrange that .
i'll eat anything .
i'll have another .
i'll never change .
i'll never forget .
i'll pay anything .
i'll recommend it .
i'll ride shotgun .
i'll send flowers .
i'll step outside .
i'll stick around .
i'll tell someone .
i'm a salesperson .
i'm already bored .
i'm always hungry .
i'm awfully tired .
i'm being careful .
i'm being patient .
i'm being serious .
i'm being watched .
i'm done thinking .
i'm extremely fat .
i'm feeling dizzy .
i'm freezing cold .
i'm from bulgaria .
i'm from colombia .
i'm just guessing .
i'm leaving today .
i'm losing weight .
i'm not available .
i'm not convinced .
i'm not dangerous .
i'm not desperate .
i'm not impressed .
i'm not listening .
i'm not miserable .
i'm not panicking .
i'm not persuaded .
i'm not satisfied .
i'm not surprised .
i'm over eighteen .
i'm quite serious .
i'm really hungry .
i'm really sleepy .
i'm right outside .
i'm so overworked .
i'm still dubious .
i'm still married .
i'm still thirsty .
i'm still waiting .
i'm strong enough .
i'm totally drunk .
i'm your neighbor .
i've been evicted .
i've been tricked .
i've been working .
i've heard enough .
i've heard rumors .
is anyone looking ?
is anything wrong ?
is everybody busy ?
is everybody here ?
is everybody okay ?
is it complicated ?
is somebody there ?
is that important ?
is that mandatory ?
is that notarized ?
is that warranted ?
isn't that enough ?
it became useless .
it doesn't matter .
it isn't optional .
it looks familiar .
it never happened .
it rained heavily .
it rained nonstop .
it sounds healthy .
it was deliberate .
it was horrendous .
it was impressive .
it was terrifying .
it's a dictionary .
it's all nonsense .
it's already done .
it's already late .
it's an emergency !
it's cloudy today .
it's finally over .
it's finished now .
it's five o'clock .
it's getting cold .
it's getting dark .
it's getting hard .
it's getting late .
it's going nicely !
it's human nature .
it's my brother's .
it's not hopeless .
it's not personal .
it's not possible .
it's pretty light .
it's raining hard .
it's settled then .
it's snowing here .
it's so beautiful .
it's so imprecise .
it's starting now .
it's very onerous .
it's your bedtime .
let's draw straws .
let's get married .
let's get serious .
let's get started .
let's go downtown .
let's ignore that .
let's just listen .
let's leave early .
let's play soccer .
let's shake hands .
life is beautiful .
life is enjoyable .
light the candles .
love conquers all .
love will prevail .
love will survive .
lunch is included .
make a prediction .
message me online .
might makes right .
my heart's aching .
my shoulder hurts .
my stomach's full .
never tell anyone .
no minors allowed .
no one understood .
no one's gambling .
no one's prepared .
no one's watching .
nobody called tom .
nobody is perfect .
nobody knows this .
nobody likes rats .
nothing scares me .
nothing was funny .
once isn't enough .
people are stupid .
please be careful .
please be serious .
please come again .
please correct it .
please explain it .
please forgive me .
please keep quiet .
please step aside .
please turn right .
pretend you're me .
prices are rising .
production is low .
quit bothering me .
rest is important .
roses smell sweet .
she didn't answer .
she gained weight .
she guessed right .
she hates carrots .
she is aggressive .
she is attractive .
she is unsociable .
she isn't married .
she isn't running .
she keeps secrets .
she looked around .
she looked lonely .
she looks unhappy .
she loves cooking .
she loves singing .
she married young .
she sells flowers .
she speaks loudly .
she went shopping .
she went upstairs .
she wept bitterly .
she's a professor .
she's my daughter .
she's rather good .
she's still young .
she's very pretty .
should i continue ?
silence is golden .
solve the problem .
someone is coming .
someone is inside .
stand up straight .
stealing is wrong .
stop badgering me .
stop being stupid .
stop bothering me !
stop following me .
stop harassing me .
take no prisoners .
take this aspirin .
termites eat wood .
thanks for coming .
thanks for dinner .
thanks in advance .
that always helps .
that is essential .
that isn't enough .
that movie stinks !
that really hurts .
that soon changed .
that sounds great .
that sounds right .
that was pathetic .
that'll be enough .
that'll never fly .
that's just awful .
that's just crazy .
that's just false .
that's no problem .
that's not enough .
that's real funny .
that's really sad .
that's super easy .
that's the answer .
that's very funny .
that's very handy .
the alarm sounded .
the boat capsized .
the check bounced .
the clock stopped .
the crowd cheered .
the door squeaked .
the earth rotates .
the girls fainted .
the girls giggled .
the tactic worked .
the train stopped .
there were enough .
there's no answer .
there's no change .
there's no choice .
there's no coffee .
there's no damage .
there's no danger .
there's no escape .
these are animals .
these are genuine .
they all chuckled .
they already know .
they are watching .
they aren't alone .
they arrested her .
they both laughed .
they deported tom .
they hunted foxes .
they keep calling .
they kidnapped me .
they like english .
they look healthy .
they released tom .
they went surfing .
they were panting .
they were wealthy .
they will survive .
they'll eat those .
they'll like that .
they'll try again .
they're all alike .
they're all liars .
they're all lying .
they're in danger .
they're nice guys .
they're not alone .
they're not happy .
they're very busy .
they've just left .
things can change .
this bucket leaks .
this doesn't burn .
this doesn't work !
this is appalling .
this is different .
this is expensive .
this is hilarious .
this is important .
this is insulting .
this is justified .
this is ludicrous .
this is offensive .
this is pointless .
this is priceless .
this is revolting .
this is sickening .
this is tasteless .
this is temporary .
this is worrisome .
this isn't enough .
this sounds fishy .
this tastes moldy .
those aren't mine .
today is thursday .
tom arrived first .
tom began praying .
tom behaved badly .
tom despised mary .
tom despises mary .
tom didn't appear .
tom doesn't smoke .
tom drinks coffee .
tom drives safely .
tom drives slowly .
tom has allergies .
tom hasn't called .
tom imitated mary .
tom is downstairs .
tom is frustrated .
tom is handcuffed .
tom is intolerant .
tom isn't trained .
tom isn't worried .
tom likes fishing .
tom likes oranges .
tom likes writing .
tom looks excited .
tom loves singing .
tom moves quickly .
tom peeked inside .
tom remembers you .
tom seems sincere .
tom sounded happy .
tom talks quickly .
tom understood me .
tom walks quickly .
tom wants revenge .
tom was ambitious .
tom was dangerous .
tom was delirious .
tom was motivated .
tom was strangled .
tom wasn't amused .
tom will continue .
use acrylic paint .
visit us tomorrow .
watch your tongue .
we all understand .
we are australian .
we are classmates .
we aren't married .
we aren't related .
we could continue .
we cried together .
we finished today .
we have suppliers .
we heard gunshots .
we must intervene .
we nearly starved .
we saw everything .
we train together .
we understand why .
we waited outside .
we were concerned .
we were impressed .
we were terrified .
we're about ready .
we're all cowards .
we're all friends .
we're all retired .
we're both insane .
we're both single .
we're changing it .
we're doing great .
we're friends now .
we're going north .
we're going south .
we're handling it .
we're just scared .
we're leaving now .
we're like family .
we're married now .
we're not arguing .
we're not cowards .
we're not dressed .
we're not friends .
we're not invited .
we're not kidding .
we're not killers .
we're not leaving .
we're not looking .
we're not married .
we're not perfect .
we're not related .
we're not serious .
we're not smiling .
we're not staying .
we're not welcome .
we're old friends .
we're on schedule .
we're pulling out .
we're quite alone .
we're quite drunk .
we're quite tired .
we're really good .
we're really late .
we're still alive .
we're taking over .
we're the problem .
we've already met .
we've been warned .
we've got company .
wear warm clothes .
welcome to boston .
were you drinking ?
what a revelation !
what happens next ?
what is happening ?
what is happiness ?
what're you doing ?
what's that stain ?
what's that stuff ?
what's the matter ?
what's the number ?
what's the reason ?
what's the secret ?
what's the skinny ?
what's the target ?
what's this smell ?
what's this sound ?
what's your hobby ?
what's your major ?
where's my driver ?
where's my mother ?
where's our stuff ?
where's the catch ?
where's the knife ?
where's the money ?
where's your coat ?
where've you been ?
which tooth hurts ?
who's your father ?
wood burns easily .
woods burn easily .
you are actresses .
you are beautiful .
you are hilarious .
you are important .
you could've died .
you disappoint me .
you guessed right .
you learn quickly .
you like everyone .
you look european .
you look japanese .
you look fabulous .
you look familiar .
you look handsome .
you look terrible .
you look terrific .
you understand me .
you won't succeed .
you're a prisoner .
you're all insane .
you're back again .
you're half right .
you're here early .
you're hurting me .
you're just tired .
you're killing me .
you're not normal .
you're scaring me .
you're telling me .
you're the leader .
you're the master .
you're the oldest .
you're the owners .
you're too polite .
you're too skinny .
you're very angry .
you're very brave .
you're very funny .
you're very sharp .
you're very smart .
you're very timid .
you're very upset .
you've been great .
you've had enough .
admission was free .
answer my question .
anyhow let's begin .
are they satisfied ?
are you productive ?
are you registered ?
aren't you thirsty ?
attendance is free .
both girls laughed .
breakfast is ready .
caution is advised .
change is possible .
check your pockets .
children need love .
choose your weapon .
come back tomorrow .
death is permanent .
divide and conquer .
doctors save lives .
don't call anybody .
don't interrupt me .
don't kid yourself .
don't make trouble .
don't patronize me .
don't say anything .
don't tell anybody .
don't trust anyone .
driving relaxes me .
empty your pockets !
endorse this check .
enjoy your evening .
enjoy your weekend .
everybody gets old .
everybody hates me .
everybody is alive .
everybody is great .
everybody knows me .
everybody loves it .
everybody sat down .
everybody's in bed .
everyone felt safe .
everyone is scared .
everyone is silent .
everyone is unique .
everyone knew that .
everyone likes her .
everyone likes you .
everyone loves him .
everyone should go .
everyone was alert .
everyone was happy .
everyone was tense .
everyone was there .
everything is fine .
everything is gone .
everything is good .
everything is over .
facebook is boring .
find somebody else .
first things first .
follow his example .
follow your desire .
forty years passed .
glass is breakable .
have another drink .
he acted foolishly .
he advised caution .
he appeared honest .
he bores everybody .
he breathed deeply .
he came downstairs .
he disliked school .
he enjoyed cycling .
he heard footsteps .
he lacks judgement .
he likes adventure .
he lost everything .
he loves attention .
he loves traveling .
he might retaliate .
he remained silent .
he started singing .
he stopped talking .
he studies chinese .
he teaches english .
he wants vengeance .
he was embarrassed .
he was heartbroken .
he was unimpressed .
he's a creationist .
he's a ghostwriter .
he's an englishman .
he's an aristocrat .
he's coming closer .
he's not available .
he's pushing fifty .
he's the scapegoat .
he's very flexible .
he's very talented .
hedgehogs are cute .
here's the address .
here's your change .
hold your position .
horses are animals .
how about tomorrow ?
i absolutely agree .
i advise customers .
i agree completely .
i corrected myself .
i couldn't breathe .
i detest hypocrisy .
i didn't apologize .
i didn't volunteer .
i don't compromise .
i don't understand .
i drive everywhere .
i enjoyed swimming .
i failed chemistry .
i failed miserably .
i feel comfortable .
i feel responsible .
i felt comfortable .
i felt responsible .
i forgot something .
i have information .
i heard everything .
i heard explosions .
i just redecorated .
i lack imagination .
i like candlelight .
i like mathematics .
i made photocopies .
i must concentrate .
i need information .
i need inspiration .
i remain skeptical .
i remembered wrong .
i should've called .
i smoke cigarettes .
i stopped laughing .
i surprised myself .
i totally disagree .
i tried everything .
i was disappointed .
i was disqualified .
i was paraphrasing .
i wasn't consulted .
i wasn't listening .
i watch television .
i'll explain later .
i'll go downstairs .
i'll handle things .
i'll introduce you .
i'll remember that .
i'll stop gambling .
i'll take anything .
i'm tom's neighbor .
i'm a photographer .
i'm always careful .
i'm always thirsty .
i'm being harassed .
i'm being promoted .
i'm being punished .
i'm being sensible .
i'm bleeding badly .
i'm drinking water .
i'm feeling better .
i'm feeling hungry .
i'm from singapore .
i'm gaining weight .
i'm getting better .
i'm getting hungry .
i'm getting sleepy .
i'm going downtown .
i'm just beginning .
i'm learning czech .
i'm learning music .
i'm not delusional .
i'm not invincible .
i'm not overweight .
i'm not photogenic .
i'm really shocked .
i'm seeing someone .
i'm so embarrassed .
i'm somewhat dizzy .
i'm suddenly tired .
i'm supporting you .
i'm terribly sorry .
i'm very fortunate .
i'm very impressed .
i've been drinking .
i've been promoted .
i've gained weight .
i've gotten better .
i've heard nothing .
i've misjudged you .
ignorance is bliss .
is anything broken ?
is breakfast ready ?
is everybody ready ?
is everyone hungry ?
is everything okay ?
is it satisfactory ?
is something wrong ?
is that deliberate ?
is that depressing ?
is this everything ?
it isn't expensive .
it sounds familiar .
it was frightening .
it was handcrafted .
it was preventable .
it's a coincidence .
it's a distraction .
it's already seven .
it's an experiment .
it's an investment .
it's crowded today .
it's getting there .
it's good training .
it's gotten better .
it's not necessary .
it's not pertinent .
it's raining again !
it's raining there .
it's raining today .
it's rather ironic .
it's rather unique .
it's really bright .
it's really simple .
it's so improbable .
it's something new .
it's still raining .
it's still snowing .
it's too dangerous !
it's too difficult .
it's too expensive !
it's very unlikely .
it's very valuable .
it's your decision .
italy isn't greece .
judge for yourself .
knowledge is power .
leaves are falling .
let's face reality .
let's get cracking !
let's get divorced .
let's not squabble .
let's stay focused .
let's study french .
let's talk outside .
look what happened .
look who's talking .
love doesn't exist .
love is everything .
luck doesn't exist .
maybe it's destiny .
maybe you're right .
mistakes were made .
monopolies are bad .
music is universal .
my wife's pregnant .
need anything else ?
neither is correct .
no one's convinced .
no one's listening .
nobody believes me .
nobody lives there .
nobody was injured .
nobody will notice .
nothing is forever .
nothing is perfect .
nothing is planned .
nothing is strange .
paper burns easily .
please get dressed .
please repair this .
please step inside .
prices have jumped .
save your strength .
shake before using .
she almost drowned .
she almost fainted .
she bought chicken .
she cried bitterly .
she died yesterday .
she glanced around .
she is unconscious .
she likes sleeping .
she looked excited .
she looked ghostly .
she looks confused .
she looks familiar .
she looks lonesome .
she loves antiques .
she loves children .
she loves shopping .
she picked flowers .
she probably knows .
she seems friendly .
she smiled happily .
she speaks chinese .
she started crying .
she threatened him .
she's tom's sister .
she's a supermodel .
she's an alcoholic .
she's eating fruit .
she's my classmate .
should we continue ?
show me everything .
snails move slowly .
somebody is eating .
someone is singing .
someone was coming !
something is wrong .
speak for yourself .
stop correcting me .
stop dating losers !
stop joking around .
that feels amazing .
that is surprising .
that isn't allowed .
that isn't complex .
that was different .
that was fantastic .
that was mentioned .
that was promising .
that's tom's house .
that's good enough .
that's my business .
that's my suitcase .
that's my umbrella .
that's not unusual .
that's really cute .
that's really nice .
that's the reality .
that's true enough .
that's very clever .
that's your choice .
the attempt failed .
the doorknob broke .
the sky brightened .
the telephone rang .
there're no lights .
there's no mistake .
there's no urgency .
these aren't words .
they are exhausted .
they didn't listen .
they have families .
they kept drinking .
they look confused .
they spoke briefly .
they walked around .
they were attacked .
they were murdered .
they were peaceful .
they were swimming .
they'll never know .
they're all guilty .
they're all hungry .
they're all normal .
they're both right .
they're in trouble .
they're just words .
they're my friends .
they're not coming .
they're very smart .
they've had enough .
this is acceptable .
this is astounding .
this is classified .
this is depressing .
this is disturbing .
this is impossible .
this is incredible .
this is intriguing .
this is irrelevant .
this is outlandish .
this is outrageous .
this is plagiarism .
this is refreshing .
this is ridiculous !
this is surprising .
this is suspicious .
this is unbearable .
this is unexpected .
three were wounded .
tie your shoelaces .
tighten this screw .
times are changing .
times have changed .
today is wednesday .
tom almost fainted .
tom began coughing .
tom came yesterday .
tom comforted mary .
tom drank lemonade .
tom feels unwanted .
tom found evidence .
tom groaned loudly .
tom hates homework .
tom is competitive .
tom is sympathetic .
tom isn't friendly .
tom isn't reliable .
tom just confessed .
tom likes swimming .
tom looks thrilled .
tom started crying .
tom studies french .
tom teaches french .
tom was humiliated .
tom wasn't violent .
tomorrow's no good .
was it interesting ?
water is important .
we are australians .
we are defenseless .
we argued politics .
we considered that .
we enjoyed skating .
we feel frustrated .
we followed orders .
we found something .
we learned english .
we made sacrifices .
we need everything .
we prayed together .
we remained silent .
we talk frequently .
we understand this .
we were passengers .
we worked together .
we'll convince tom .
we'll decide later .
we'll finish later .
we're all infected .
we're all students .
we're almost ready .
we're almost there .
we're already late .
we're always right .
we're best friends .
we're both writers .
we're close enough .
we're done talking .
we're going inside .
we're halfway home .
we're just nervous .
we're just talking .
we're leaving here .
we're nearly there .
we're not fighting .
we're not finished .
we're not involved .
we're not partners .
we're not soldiers .
we're not speaking .
we're not watching .
we're only friends .
we're pretty tight .
we're pulling back .
we're really angry .
we're really drunk .
we're really lucky .
we're running away .
we're running late .
we're slowing down .
we're studying now .
we're turning back .
we're under attack .
we're very excited .
we're very serious .
we've been friends .
we've been spotted .
we've just arrived .
what a coincidence !
what awful weather !
what happened here ?
what happened next ?
what just happened ?
what narrow stairs !
what're you saying ?
what's the problem ?
what's their story ?
what's your secret ?
when's the funeral ?
where is everybody ?
where're the shoes ?
where's tom's card ?
where's the bakery ?
where's the butter ?
where's the doctor ?
where's the remote ?
where's the toilet ?
where's your drink ?
where's your house ?
where's your shirt ?
who's their mother ?
who's your teacher ?
women talk nonstop .
you are impossible .
you are overworked .
you aren't invited .
you aren't looking .
you can't complain .
you intimidate tom .
you like elephants .
you look contented .
you look satisfied .
you look surprised .
you seem confident .
you seem depressed .
you were fantastic .
you'd better hurry .
you'll bounce back .
you'll feel better .
you're about right .
you're all cowards .
you're all invited .
you're all racists .
you're annoying me .
you're avoiding me .
you're being silly .
you're hurting him .
you're my princess .
you're not bruised .
you're not dressed .
you're not helping .
you're not special .
you're pretty good .
you're quite smart .
you're so paranoid .
you're so pathetic .
you're so talented .
you're still alive .
you're still green .
you're still young .
you're the teacher .
you're touching me .
you're turning red .
you're very astute .
you're very clever .
you're very direct .
you're very lonely .
you're very pretty .
you're wrong again .
you've been warned .
you've betrayed us .
you've done enough .
you've said enough .
you've seen enough .
you've worked hard .
answer the question .
are seats available ?
are you resourceful ?
beware of jellyfish .
breakfast is served .
change is important .
change your clothes .
chivalry isn't dead .
christmas drew near .
christmas is coming .
come again tomorrow .
come meet everybody .
contact me tomorrow .
crime is increasing .
death is inevitable .
doesn't anyone care ?
don't act surprised .
don't be disgusting .
don't be ridiculous !
don't burn yourself .
don't scribble here .
don't talk nonsense !
don't trust anybody .
eat more vegetables .
eat your vegetables .
enjoy your holidays .
enjoy your vacation .
every minute counts .
everybody does that .
everybody likes tom .
everybody likes her .
everybody likes him .
everybody likes you .
everybody loved tom .
everybody loves her .
everybody loves him .
everybody needs one .
everybody's so busy .
everyone is special .
everyone kept quiet .
everyone knows that .
everyone likes them .
everyone was asleep .
everyone was hungry .
everyone was killed .
everyone's a winner .
everything is great .
everything is quiet .
everything is ready .
everything is tough .
evil sometimes wins .
family is important .
forget your sorrows .
get dressed quickly .
glass breaks easily .
he became irritated .
he commited suicide .
he knows everything .
he lacks confidence .
he lacks experience .
he lacks motivation .
he left immediately .
he looked surprised .
he looks suspicious .
he started swearing .
he stopped drinking .
he turned christian .
he was disappointed .
he's a cardiologist .
he's a scriptwriter .
he's behaving oddly .
he's probably wrong .
he's really selfish .
he's very skeptical .
heed public opinion .
here's your pudding .
his face brightened .
how's that possible ?
how's this possible ?
i arrived yesterday .
i collect postcards .
i completely forgot .
i continued reading .
i continued singing .
i continued working .
i deserve happiness .
i didn't understand .
i have appendicitis .
i haven't forgotten .
i looked everywhere .
i love blackberries .
i made reservations .
i must've forgotten .
i recommend caution .
i remember laughing .
i risked everything .
i ruined everything .
i study mathematics .
i tested everything .
i travel frequently .
i wanted everything .
i was overconfident .
i was uncomfortable .
i'd appreciate that .
i'll wait patiently .
i'm a perfectionist .
i'm absolutely sure !
i'm already married .
i'm behind schedule .
i'm extremely happy .
i'm getting married .
i'm incredibly busy .
i'm learning basque .
i'm learning french .
i'm leaving tonight .
i'm making progress .
i'm not apologizing .
i'm not comfortable .
i'm not complaining .
i'm not disagreeing .
i'm not discouraged .
i'm not embarrassed .
i'm not intimidated .
i'm not presentable .
i'm perfectly happy .
i'm slightly hungry .
i'm still concerned .
i'm still undecided .
i'm studying french .
i'm traveling light .
i'm very frustrated .
is french difficult ?
is anyone listening ?
is anyone surprised ?
is anything missing ?
is everybody hungry ?
is everyone waiting ?
is everything ready ?
is it comprehensive ?
is that significant ?
is this appropriate ?
is this permissible ?
isn't it profitable ?
isn't she beautiful ?
isn't that annoying ?
isn't that childish ?
isn't that exciting ?
it isn't impossible .
it smells delicious .
it snowed yesterday .
it was excruciating .
it was unbelievable .
it wasn't expensive .
it worked perfectly .
it'll probably rain .
it'll snow tomorrow .
it's already eleven .
it's being arranged .
it's dangerous here .
it's extremely ugly .
it's getting larger .
it's not impossible .
it's not irrelevant .
it's not negotiable .
it's not ridiculous .
it's not subjective .
it's really awesome .
it's slightly windy .
it's totally normal .
it's unbearably hot .
it's very dangerous .
it's very effective .
it's very expensive .
japanese are asians .
jesus answered them .
let's not overreact .
let's play baseball .
let's speak english .
let's try something .
love your neighbors .
maybe i exaggerated .
money is everything .
monkeys climb trees .
nobody really knows .
nobody saw anything .
not everyone agreed .
not everyone agrees .
nothing feels right .
nothing has changed .
nothing is forgiven .
nothing seems right .
nothing will change .
now let's celebrate .
nuts are nutritious .
paper burns quickly .
people love freedom .
perhaps that's true .
please don't mumble .
please speak french .
please stop singing .
please stop talking .
poaching is illegal .
respect your elders .
seeing is believing .
she became pregnant .
she blackmailed him .
she boards students .
she stopped talking .
she studies english .
she teaches english .
she understands him .
she's been poisoned .
she's not penniless .
should we intervene ?
snakes are reptiles .
somebody killed tom .
somebody touched me .
something was wrong .
sorry about earlier .
stop fooling around !
stop talking loudly .
taxis are expensive .
that doesn't happen .
that isn't possible .
that never happened .
that rarely happens .
that sounds awesome .
that's all nonsense .
that's an imitation .
that's close enough .
that's common sense .
that's just awesome .
that's not possible .
that's not uncommon .
that's quite common .
that's quite enough .
that's quite simple .
that's really great !
that's really scary .
that's simply wrong .
that's very serious .
that's your opinion .
the baby's sleeping .
the cheering ceased .
the crowd applauded .
the door's unlocked .
the mystery deepens .
there wasn't enough .
there's always hope .
there's no elevator .
there's no evidence .
there's no response .
there's nobody home .
there's room inside .
they are christians .
they both snickered .
they handcuffed tom .
they need investors .
they questioned him .
they seem surprised .
they stayed friends .
they'll go shopping .
they're all thieves .
they're all waiting .
they're almost here .
they're ignoring me .
they're really ugly .
they're still young .
things have changed .
this is complicated .
this is devastating .
this is infuriating .
this is interesting .
this isn't possible .
this party's packed .
tom brought flowers .
tom collects comics .
tom felt invincible .
tom found something .
tom has tonsillitis .
tom hates halloween .
tom is multilingual .
tom is unbelievable .
tom isn't dangerous .
tom knows everybody .
tom looks disgusted .
tom looks intrigued .
tom loves chocolate .
tom prefers blondes .
tom remained silent .
tom seems courteous .
tom seems dangerous .
tom sells computers .
tom started shaking .
tom started singing .
tom started yelling .
tom stepped forward .
tom teaches history .
tom wasn't flirting .
tom worked overtime .
tom's very annoying .
translate this text .
wait until tomorrow .
was anyone arrested ?
we count everything .
we dislike violence .
we drive everywhere .
we haven't finished .
we left immediately .
we need information .
we should celebrate .
we waited anxiously .
we were outnumbered .
we'll begin shortly .
we'll swim tomorrow .
we'll work together .
we're all different .
we're all impressed .
we're all prisoners .
we're all witnesses .
we're always hungry .
we're among friends .
we're back together .
we're being watched .
we're both teachers .
we're close friends .
we're closing early .
we're eating apples .
we're finally alone .
we're finished here .
we're getting close .
we're getting there .
we're getting tired .
we're going dancing .
we're going hunting .
we're halfway there .
we're having dinner .
we're just children .
we're just starting .
we're just students .
we're like brothers .
we're not impressed .
we're not listening .
we're not prisoners .
we're not strangers .
we're open tomorrow .
we're playing cards .
we're really scared .
we're still friends .
we're still married .
we're tempting fate .
we're truly worried .
we're very grateful .
we're wasting water .
we've already begun .
we've already tried .
we've made progress .
were you successful ?
what lovely weather !
what's tom drinking ?
what's today's date ?
what's worrying you ?
what's your address ?
what's your problem ?
when's tom arriving ?
where's mary's ring ?
where's the airport ?
where's the mistake ?
where's your father ?
where's your mother ?
where's your school ?
where's your sister ?
where's your weapon ?
who's replacing you ?
women are beautiful .
would you elaborate ?
you could've called .
you disappointed me .
you have everything .
you heard correctly .
you look incredible .
you should exercise .
you smell wonderful .
you're almost right .
you're no different .
you're not bleeding .
you're not finished .
you're poisoning me .
you're so impatient .
you're the greatest .
you're the prisoner .
you're the sweetest .
you're too trusting .
you're very curious .
you're very forward .
you're very helpful .
you're very stylish .
you're wasting ammo .
you're wasting time .
you're with friends .
you're working hard .
anything is possible .
are those explosives ?
aren't they adorable ?
aren't you convinced ?
beauty is subjective .
beware of imitations .
business is business .
change is inevitable .
changes came quickly .
children need loving .
context is important .
cotton absorbs water .
dating is exhausting .
diamonds are forever .
did something happen ?
dinner was excellent .
does anyone disagree ?
dolphins are curious .
don't admit anything .
don't brake suddenly .
don't drink anything .
don't exert yourself .
don't touch anything .
either is acceptable .
everybody blames you .
everybody is focused .
everybody knows that .
everybody needs help .
everybody thought so .
everybody was silent .
everybody's a winner .
everyone else waited .
everyone fell asleep .
everyone is outraged .
everyone is standing .
everyone seems tense .
everyone stayed calm .
everyone was shocked .
everyone was smiling .
everyone was stunned .
everyone's gone home .
everyone's saying it .
everything is broken .
everything is closed .
everything is normal .
everything was wrong .
everything went well .
excuse my clumsiness .
find the differences .
france borders italy .
girls aren't welcome .
he attempted suicide .
he committed suicide .
he continued singing .
he denied everything .
he laughed nervously .
he looked bewildered .
he speaks portuguese .
he's already married .
he's extremely happy .
he's making progress .
he's never satisfied .
he's very protective .
how's everyone doing ?
i checked everywhere .
i convinced everyone .
i demand punctuality .
i finally understand .
i remember something .
i shouldn't complain .
i totally understand .
i underestimated you .
i wasn't responsible .
i'll apologize later .
i'll become stronger .
i'm calling security .
i'm checking options .
i'm feeling confused .
i'm feeling stressed .
i'm fixing something .
i'm highly motivated .
i'm incredibly tired .
i'm pressing charges .
i'm studying english .
i'm totally confused .
i'm unnecessary here .
i'm very comfortable .
i've changed clothes .
i've done everything .
i've finished eating .
ignore tom's request .
is anybody listening ?
isn't it infuriating ?
isn't this wonderful ?
it looks fascinating .
it seems interesting .
it was disappointing .
it's common courtesy .
it's not predictable .
it's nothing special .
it's perfectly legal .
it's really horrible .
it's very surprising .
justice will prevail .
let's have breakfast .
let's not exaggerate .
maybe you'll succeed .
misery loves company .
neither is beautiful .
nobody deserves that .
not everyone noticed .
nothing is happening .
people were watching .
please choose wisely .
please eat something .
please help yourself .
please pay attention .
please remain seated .
please stop laughing .
please telephone him .
proceed with caution .
remember these rules .
she knows everything .
she sells vegetables .
she spoke impolitely .
she's very beautiful .
she's very emotional .
smoking is permitted .
somebody just called .
someone attacked tom .
something is missing .
stock prices dropped .
that changes nothing .
that looks expensive .
that sounds exciting .
that sounds familiar .
that sounds horrible .
that tastes terrible .
that's a coincidence .
that's hardly likely .
that's her boyfriend .
that's his specialty .
that's just nonsense .
that's my dictionary .
that's not happening .
that's probably true .
that's really stupid .
that's reason enough .
that's so depressing .
that's too expensive .
that's very possible .
that's very touching .
that's your business .
that's your decision .
the feeling's mutual .
the professor smiled .
the soldiers laughed .
there are exceptions .
there were survivors .
there's an emergency .
there's nothing here .
they always complain .
they are approaching .
they deserve respect .
they have explosives .
they live downstairs .
they looked relieved .
they lost everything .
they paid separately .
they started dancing .
they stopped talking .
they walked together .
they walked upstairs .
they were victorious .
they weren't invited .
they're all tourists .
they're really tight .
they're sending help .
things are improving .
this changes nothing .
this is preposterous .
this is unacceptable .
this is unbelievable .
this sounds familiar .
this'll be different .
timing is everything .
tom could've changed .
tom failed miserably .
tom felt responsible .
tom fixed everything .
tom is irresponsible .
tom is overemotional .
tom is schizophrenic .
tom isn't overweight .
tom looks bewildered .
tom looks interested .
tom needed something .
tom never apologized .
tom scares everybody .
tom sounds exhausted .
tom started climbing .
tonight we celebrate .
turtles are reptiles .
unemployment is high .
we canoed downstream .
we leave immediately .
we looked ridiculous .
we need instructions .
we packed everything .
we shared everything .
we traveled together .
we were disappointed .
we're all devastated .
we're all vulnerable .
we're always careful .
we're being attacked .
we're blood brothers .
we're both witnesses .
we're getting closer .
we're getting warmer .
we're going shopping .
we're going upstairs .
we're having company .
we're just beginning .
we're not barbarians .
we're not evacuating .
we're not interested .
we're not terrorists .
we're perfectly safe .
we're protecting you .
we're really married .
we're still involved .
we're still underage .
we're too vulnerable .
we're very different .
we've already chosen .
were you blindfolded ?
what're you drinking ?
what're you thinking ?
what's tom's address ?
what's tom's problem ?
what's that building ?
what's the commotion ?
what's the emergency ?
what's their purpose ?
what's troubling you ?
when's dinner served ?
where's tom's office ?
where's the bathroom ?
where's the director ?
where's the entrance ?
where's the hospital ?
where's the pharmacy ?
where's the restroom ?
where's the washroom ?
where's your captain ?
who's your boyfriend ?
yesterday was sunday .
you don't understand .
you lack imagination .
you looked exhausted .
you overestimate him .
you should apologize .
you should've called .
you should've phoned .
you're being watched .
you're not listening !
you're still growing .
you're the scapegoat .
you're totally right .
you're very flexible .
you're very generous .
you're very talented .
you're wasting water .
you've been infected .
you've been selected .
you've risked enough .
your phone's ringing .
accidents will happen .
anything could happen .
beware of pickpockets .
business is improving .
children watch adults .
come tomorrow morning .
complete the sentence .
control is everything .
death before dishonor !
don't be unreasonable .
don't commit yourself .
don't expect overtime .
don't get discouraged .
don't get sidetracked .
everybody believes it .
everybody has secrets .
everybody is sleeping .
everybody likes money .
everybody looked sick .
everybody loves music .
everybody ran outside .
everybody was stunned .
everybody's a suspect .
everyone is different .
everyone is exhausted .
everyone is suffering .
everyone kept talking .
everyone quieted down .
everyone was drinking .
everything is working .
everything was stolen .
everything went black .
everything went wrong .
fasten your seatbelts .
forty people attended .
goodbye till tomorrow .
happy valentine's day .
he practices medicine .
he was excommunicated .
he's an oceanographer .
he's enjoying himself .
he's learning chinese .
he's very experienced .
he's very intelligent .
here's some deodorant .
how's everybody doing ?
i anticipated trouble .
i demand satisfaction .
i disagree completely .
i overslept yesterday .
i remember everything .
i sincerely apologize .
i'll bring sandwiches .
i'll never understand .
i'll watch television .
i'm being blackmailed .
i'm getting undressed .
i'm not uncomfortable .
i'm not unsympathetic .
i've heard everything .
i've started bleeding .
i've tried everything .
is anything happening ?
isn't that irritating ?
it seemed appropriate .
it'll definitely rain .
it's claudine's house .
it's almost christmas .
it's beautifully made .
it's extremely unfair .
it's freezing outside .
it's insanely complex .
it's nothing personal .
it's really stressful .
it's very interesting .
let's build something .
let's escape together .
let's play volleyball .
let's travel together .
life is unpredictable .
nobody appreciates me .
nobody encouraged her .
nobody should've died .
nobody understands it .
nobody understands me .
nobody was interested .
nothing lasts forever .
please stop whistling .
poverty is everywhere .
rabbits breed quickly .
remember your promise .
she attempted suicide .
she talked childishly .
she understands music .
she's rather clueless .
she's smartly dressed .
smoking is prohibited .
somebody poisoned tom .
something isn't right .
something smells good .
something's not right .
stay absolutely still .
study these sentences .
tadpoles become frogs .
that was unbelievable .
that's fantastic news .
that's not acceptable .
that's not reasonable .
that's not surprising .
that's rather amusing .
that's really awesome .
that's their strategy .
there's no difference .
there's nothing there .
they ate marshmallows .
they huddled together .
they stopped laughing .
they were unimpressed .
they'll understand us .
they're able students .
they're all terrified .
they're just students .
they're not criminals .
they're not expensive .
they're not following .
they're playing chess .
this is inappropriate .
tom collects antiques .
tom corrected himself .
tom hasn't apologized .
tom is claustrophobic .
tom isn't cooperative .
tom looked interested .
tom seemed distracted .
tom underwent surgery .
tom was brokenhearted .
tomorrow is christmas .
tyranny is everywhere .
we need authorization .
we needed information .
we're behind schedule .
we're closed tomorrow .
we're completely lost .
we're getting married .
we're getting nowhere .
we're just practicing .
we're leaving tonight .
we're nearly finished .
we're not responsible .
what a disappointment !
what exactly happened ?
what happened exactly ?
what happens tomorrow ?
what horrible weather !
what's happening here ?
what's the difference ?
what's with everybody ?
where're tom's things ?
where's everyone else ?
where's the newspaper ?
where's your daughter ?
where's your suitcase ?
who's working tonight ?
who's your girlfriend ?
you dropped something .
you look disappointed .
you recovered quickly .
you ruined everything .
you're always singing .
you're being paranoid .
you're getting closer .
you're probably right .
you're probably tired .
you're really awesome .
you're really selfish .
you're so predictable .
you're turning thirty .
you're very beautiful .
you're very efficient .
you're very emotional .
you're very fortunate .
you're very observant .
you're very skeptical .
you've been suspended .
apparently i'm adopted .
are they collaborators ?
aren't they englishmen ?
aren't you embarrassed ?
choose books carefully .
cooking is interesting .
don't underestimate us .
dreaming costs nothing .
everybody was startled .
everyone looks worried .
everyone needs friends .
everyone was horrified .
everyone was screaming .
everyone was surprised .
everyone's in position .
everything is possible .
everything looked nice .
everything worked fine .
has something happened ?
he delivers newspapers .
he deserves punishment .
he understands physics .
he's incredibly stupid .
he's probably sleeping .
history repeats itself .
how's everything going ?
i apologized profusely .
i destroyed everything .
i remembered everybody .
i understand perfectly .
i wholeheartedly agree .
i'll handle everything .
i'm completely wrecked .
i'm really embarrassed .
i'm wearing sunglasses .
i've looked everywhere .
i've ruined everything .
insects are arthropods .
is everybody listening ?
is everyone recovering ?
is everything prepared ?
is something different ?
is something happening ?
it's almost impossible .
it's awfully expensive .
it's completely normal .
it's incredibly boring .
it's morally repugnant .
it's nearly impossible .
it's pretty incredible .
it's rather impressive .
it's routine procedure .
it's very entertaining .
laughter is infectious .
luckily nobody drowned .
money isn't everything .
nobody understands you .
nothing really matters .
nothing's been changed .
people are complicated .
practice makes perfect .
school begins tomorrow .
she likes birdwatching .
she writes beautifully .
she's always grumbling .
she's playing monopoly .
something has happened .
something is different .
something wasn't right .
something's wrong here .
stop deluding yourself .
that happens sometimes .
that sounds depressing .
that sounds outrageous .
that sounds reasonable .
that's no exaggeration .
that's not interesting .
that's really pathetic .
that's totally awesome .
that's very impressive .
that's very reassuring .
that's very thoughtful .
that's your department .
the situation worsened .
the students snickered .
there are similarities .
there're no guarantees .
there's another reason .
these are marshmallows .
they looked everywhere .
they wanted protection .
they're still together .
this is unsatisfactory .
today's tom's birthday .
tom introduced himself .
tom isn't conservative .
tom looked embarrassed .
tom wasn't complaining .
tom watched admiringly .
tomorrow's my birthday .
transplants save lives .
unemployment is rising .
we exchanged greetings .
we searched everywhere .
we're all disappointed .
we're finished already .
we're getting divorced .
we're having breakfast .
we're imagining things .
we're investigating it .
we're learning chinese .
we're leaving tomorrow .
we're pretty confident .
we're still vulnerable .
we're studying chinese .
weddings are expensive .
were you conscientious ?
were you disrespectful ?
what actually happened ?
what beautiful weather !
what is microeconomics ?
what wonderful weather !
what's our destination ?
what's the alternative ?
what's the temperature ?
what's your speciality ?
where's everybody else ?
where's everyone going ?
where's the toothpaste ?
where's your boyfriend ?
who discovered america ?
words express thoughts .
yesterday was thursday .
you aren't replaceable .
you'll ruin everything .
you're being malicious .
you're embarrassing me .
you're not cooperating .
you're perfectly right .
you're really annoying .
you're really gorgeous .
you're very attractive .
you're very perceptive .
you've suffered enough .
alcoholism is incurable .
anybody can participate .
attendance is mandatory .
bacteria are everywhere .
dinner smells delicious .
everybody's in position .
everybody's still there .
everyone knows everyone .
everyone looked puzzled .
everyone looked shocked .
everyone looked unhappy .
everyone looks confused .
everyone makes mistakes .
everyone was speechless .
everyone's still asleep .
everything is connected .
everything's very cheap .
experience is important .
fashions change quickly .
father stopped drinking .
forewarned is forearmed .
he accepted reluctantly .
he apologized profusely .
he nodded encouragingly .
he's everybody's friend .
he's highly intelligent .
he's mumbling something .
he's very understanding .
health means everything .
i have responsibilities .
i reacted instinctively .
i sacrificed everything .
i understand completely .
i'll accept suggestions .
i'm emotionally drained .
i'm really disappointed .
i've been misunderstood .
i've got claustrophobia .
it's a misunderstanding .
it's almost unbreakable .
it's completely natural .
it's getting ridiculous .
it's raining everywhere .
it's really infuriating .
italian isn't difficult .
marriage changes people .
not everybody graduates .
pardon the interruption .
prices dropped suddenly .
progress is unavoidable .
scorpions are dangerous .
she seemed uninterested .
she studies mathematics .
sunday follows saturday .
textbooks are expensive .
that sounds interesting .
that's absolutely right .
that's altogether wrong .
that's encouraging news .
that's just fascinating .
that's so inappropriate .
the negotiations failed .
the snowstorm continued .
they enjoyed themselves .
they're self sufficient .
they're speaking french .
they've suffered enough .
this changes everything .
this sounds interesting .
tom seemed disappointed .
tom wouldn't understand .
vacation's already over .
we're being blackmailed .
we've been disqualified .
wires carry electricity .
you surprised everybody .
you're absolutely right .
you're all hypocritical .
you're completely right .
you're finished already .
you're hiding something .
you're imagining things .
you're probably thirsty .
you're quite attractive .
you're totally ignorant .
you're trespassing here .
you're very intelligent .
you're very resourceful .
you've taken everything .
accidents are inevitable .
business before pleasure .
christmas is approaching .
enthusiasm is contagious .
everybody looked nervous .
everybody makes mistakes .
everyone dies eventually .
everyone looked relieved .
everyone looks exhausted .
everyone seeks happiness .
everyone started arguing .
everyone stayed standing .
everyone wants something .
everything is negotiable .
everything went smoothly .
he's always dissatisfied .
he's incredibly talented .
i apologized immediately .
i brought reinforcements .
i'll take responsibility .
i'm completely exhausted .
i'm definitely impressed .
is that unconstitutional ?
it's excruciatingly slow .
it's extremely dangerous .
it's incredibly powerful .
it's really embarrassing .
it's technically illegal .
it's your responsibility .
mother decided otherwise .
tensions were increasing .
that's absolute nonsense !
that's completely unfair .
that's fairly reasonable .
that's hardly believable .
that's incredibly boring .
that's pretty impressive .
that's quite meaningless .
that's really impressive .
that's really surprising .
that's worth remembering .
they exchanged greetings .
they wouldn't understand .
things escalated quickly .
tom contradicted himself .
tom smiled halfheartedly .
we're deluding ourselves .
we're enjoying ourselves .
you're disobeying orders .
you're really incredible .
you've already forgotten .
appearances are deceiving .
darwin changed everything .
does everybody understand ?
everybody seeks happiness .
everyone looked surprised .
everyone started clapping .
everyone started laughing .
everyone was apprehensive .
everyone's been contacted .
everyone's been evacuated .
everyone's someplace else .
hippopotamuses love water .
i'm considering resigning .
i'm gathering information .
it's backwards compatible .
lemons contain citric acid
make yourself comfortable .
make yourself presentable .
nobody suspected anything .
that's certainly possible .
tom remembered everything .
why's everyone whispering ?
you're always complaining .
you're very sophisticated .
you're very understanding .
you've underestimated tom .
casualties were inevitable .
corporations aren't people .
everybody started cheering .
everything's under control .
is everything satisfactory ?
it's completely irrational .
lightning precedes thunder .
that's woefully inadequate .
that's your responsibility .
they're probably americans .
we're practically brothers .
wires transmit electricity .
you're incredibly talented .
you're unbelievably stupid .
you're under investigation .
columbus discovered america .
everybody desires happiness .
everybody wants recognition .
it's shockingly inexpensive .
make yourselves comfortable .
money influences everything .
nothing unexpected happened .
pickpockets target tourists .
they're enjoying themselves .
almost everyone participated .
democracy encourages freedom .
don't underestimate yourself .
everyone looks uncomfortable .
that's totally irresponsible .
you're completely delusional .
you're embarrassing yourself .
earthquakes destroy buildings .
it's perfectly understandable .
automobiles replaced carriages .
relationships involve compromise .
i see .
i try .
i won !
oh no !
get up .
got it !
hop in .
hug me .
i fell .
i know .
i left .
i lost .
i'm 19 .
i'm ok .
no way !
we try .
we won .
ask tom .
be calm .
be cool .
be fair .
be kind .
be nice .
beat it .
call me .
call us .
come in .
come on !
drop it !
get out !
go away !
go slow .
hang on !
he quit .
he runs .
help me !
help us .
hold it !
hold on .
i agree .
i tried .
i'll go .
i'm fat .
i'm fit .
i'm hit !
i'm ill .
i'm sad .
i'm shy .
i'm wet .
it's me !
join us .
keep it .
kiss me .
open up .
see you .
show me .
shut up !
so long .
take it .
tell me .
tom won .
wake up !
wash up .
we know .
we lost .
who won ?
you run .
back off .
be still .
beats me .
call tom .
cheer up !
cool off !
cuff him .
drive on .
get down !
get lost !
get real !
go ahead .
good job !
grab him .
have fun .
he tries .
he's wet .
how cute !
how deep ?
how nice !
humor me .
hurry up .
i forgot .
i phoned .
i refuse .
i stayed .
i'll pay .
i'll try .
i'm back .
i'm bald .
i'm busy .
i'm calm .
i'm cold .
i'm done .
i'm fine .
i'm free !
i'm full .
i'm glad .
i'm home .
i'm late .
i'm lazy .
i'm okay .
i'm safe .
i'm sick .
i'm sure .
i'm tall .
i'm thin .
i'm tidy .
i'm ugly .
i'm weak .
i'm well .
i've won .
it works .
it's his .
it's new .
it's odd .
it's sad .
keep out !
leave it .
leave me .
leave us .
let's go !
look out !
marry me .
she came .
she died .
she runs .
sit down !
sit here .
speak up !
stop tom .
they won .
tom came .
tom died .
tom left .
tom lost .
too late .
trust me .
try hard .
try some .
try this .
use this .
warn tom .
watch me .
watch us .
we agree .
we'll go .
what for ?
what fun !
who died ?
who's he ?
write me .
after you .
answer me .
be seated .
birds fly .
bless you .
call home !
calm down !
catch him .
come back .
come here .
come over !
come soon .
cool down .
dogs bark .
don't ask .
don't cry .
don't die .
don't lie .
don't run .
excuse me .
feel this .
follow me .
follow us .
forget it !
get ready .
go inside .
good luck .
grab that .
grab this .
hands off .
he's good .
he's lazy .
he's rich .
hold fire .
hold this .
how awful !
how's tom ?
i cringed .
i noticed .
i promise .
i tripped .
i'd agree .
i'd leave .
i'll call .
i'll cook .
i'll help .
i'll live .
i'll obey .
i'll pack .
i'll pass .
i'll quit .
i'll sing .
i'll swim .
i'll wait .
i'll walk .
i'll work .
i'm alone .
i'm armed .
i'm awake .
i'm blind .
i'm broke .
i'm crazy .
i'm cured .
i'm drunk .
i'm dying .
i'm early .
i'm first .
i'm fussy .
i'm going .
i'm loyal .
i'm lucky .
i'm lying .
i'm quiet .
i'm ready !
i'm right .
i'm sober .
i'm sorry .
i'm stuck .
i'm timid .
i'm tired .
i'm tough .
i'm yours .
i've lost .
it failed .
it snowed .
it stinks .
it worked .
it's cold .
it's dark .
it's dead .
it's done .
it's food .
it's free .
it's hers .
it's late .
it's lost .
it's open .
it's sand .
it's true !
it's work .
let's ask .
let's see .
lie still .
loosen up .
nice shot !
of course !
oh please !
pardon me ?
read this .
say hello .
see above .
she cried .
she tried .
she walks .
she's hot .
sign here .
slow down .
stay back .
stay calm .
stay down .
stay thin .
stop that !
take care .
take mine .
take this .
thank you .
that's it .
they fell .
they left .
they lied .
they lost .
they swam .
tom knits .
tom knows .
tom spoke .
tom's fat .
try again .
turn left .
wait here .
watch out !
we agreed .
we forgot .
we talked .
we waited .
we'll try .
we'll win .
we're hot .
we're sad .
we're shy .
well done !
what else ?
what's up ?
who cares ?
who knows ?
who spoke ?
who'll go ?
who's ill ?
write tom .
you drive .
you idiot !
you start .
you tried .
all aboard !
ask anyone .
ask around .
be careful .
be content .
be serious .
birds sing .
bottoms up !
check this .
choose one .
come along .
come quick !
don't fret .
don't move !
don't rush .
don't talk !
don't wait .
duty calls .
follow him .
forget him .
forgive me .
he's swiss .
he's broke .
he's drunk .
he's smart .
hold still .
how lovely !
how's work ?
hurry home .
i disagree .
i panicked .
i promised .
i remember .
i screamed .
i survived .
i'd accept .
i'll check .
i'll drive .
i'll hurry .
i'll leave .
i'll shoot .
i'll stand .
i'll start .
i'm french .
i'm korean .
i'm baking !
i'm better .
i'm buying .
i'm chubby .
i'm eating .
i'm famous .
i'm faster .
i'm flabby .
i'm greedy .
i'm hiding .
i'm honest .
i'm humble .
i'm hungry !
i'm immune .
i'm joking .
i'm loaded .
i'm lonely .
i'm losing .
i'm moving .
i'm normal .
i'm paying .
i'm pooped .
i'm rested .
i'm ruined .
i'm shaken .
i'm single .
i'm skinny .
i'm sleepy !
i'm sneaky .
i'm strict .
i'm strong .
i'm thirty .
i'm wasted .
i've tried .
ignore tom .
ignore him .
it matters .
it'll work .
it's awful .
it's bogus .
it's bulky .
it's cheap .
it's clean .
it's early .
it's funny .
it's green .
it's night .
it's phony .
it's ready .
it's right .
it's safer .
it's sweet .
it's weird .
it's wrong .
it's yours .
just relax .
keep quiet !
let's chat .
let's kiss .
let's pray .
let's talk .
let's work .
lighten up .
love hurts .
mama cried .
never mind !
no comment .
no kidding ?
no problem !
once again .
please sit .
say please .
shadow him .
she smiled .
she's busy .
she's nice .
stand back !
stay awake .
stay sharp .
step aside .
stop lying .
study hard .
that hurts .
that works .
that's all .
that's fun .
that's her .
that's his .
that's odd .
they agree .
they cheat .
they voted .
this works .
time flies .
tom agrees .
tom cheats .
tom drinks .
tom drives .
tom forgot .
tom helped .
tom jumped .
tom looked .
tom nodded .
tom sighed .
tom snores .
tom yawned .
tom's dead .
tom's deaf .
tom's died .
tom's fast .
tom's free .
tom's glad .
tom's here .
tom's home .
tom's left .
tom's well .
tough luck !
we'll cook .
we'll fail .
we'll help .
we'll obey .
we'll pass .
we'll swim .
we'll wait .
we'll walk .
we'll work .
we're back .
we're busy .
we're done .
we're even .
we're fine .
we're here .
we're home .
we're late .
we're lost .
we're rich .
we're safe .
we're sunk .
we're weak .
what's new ?
who talked ?
who yelled ?
why bother ?
you decide .
you're bad .
you're big .
you're fun .
you're old .
you're sad .
you're shy .
you've won !
anyone home ?
anyone hurt ?
ask anybody .
be creative .
be discreet .
be friendly .
be merciful .
be prepared .
be punctual .
be ruthless .
be sensible .
be yourself .
don't gloat .
don't laugh .
don't leave !
don't shoot !
don't shout .
don't worry .
get serious .
he chuckled .
he resigned .
he squinted .
he's asleep .
he's coming .
he's crying .
he's faking .
he's loaded .
how curious !
i apologize .
i confessed .
i exercised .
i recovered .
i surrender .
i'll attend .
i'll cancel .
i'll change .
i'll decide .
i'll manage .
i'll scream .
i'm finnish .
i'm italian .
i'm ashamed .
i'm baffled .
i'm blessed .
i'm careful .
i'm certain .
i'm chicken .
i'm correct .
i'm curious .
i'm dancing .
i'm dieting .
i'm driving .
i'm engaged .
i'm excited .
i'm fasting .
i'm finicky .
i'm frantic .
i'm furious .
i'm healthy .
i'm humming .
i'm jealous .
i'm jittery .
i'm kidding .
i'm leaving .
i'm married .
i'm patient .
i'm popular .
i'm psyched .
i'm psychic .
i'm puzzled .
i'm reading .
i'm relaxed .
i'm retired .
i'm selfish .
i'm serious .
i'm shocked .
i'm sincere .
i'm sloshed .
i'm starved .
i'm staying .
i'm stuffed .
i'm stunned .
i'm talking .
i'm teasing .
i'm thirsty .
i'm through .
i'm touched .
i'm unhappy .
i'm unlucky .
i'm wealthy .
i'm winning .
i'm working .
i'm worried .
i've failed .
ignore them .
it's monday .
it's broken .
it's cloudy .
it's ironic .
it's locked .
it's poison .
it's secret .
it's silent .
it's stupid .
it's urgent .
it's warmer .
keep trying .
let's begin .
let's dance .
let's drink .
let's hurry .
let's split .
let's start !
look around .
many thanks .
money talks .
nice timing .
nobody came .
nobody died .
plants grow .
please come .
please sing .
please stop .
release him .
remember it .
she blushed .
she fainted .
sleep tight .
stand aside .
step inside .
stop crying .
stop trying .
that worked .
that's cool .
that's hers .
that's icky .
that's lame .
that's mine .
that's true .
that's ugly .
that's wise .
they burned .
they hugged .
they obeyed .
they smiled .
they're bad .
they're old .
this stinks .
tom blinked .
tom drowned .
tom laughed .
tom listens .
tom'll quit .
tom's alive .
tom's alone .
tom's bored .
tom's funny .
tom's lying .
tom's sorry .
turn around .
we promised .
we remember .
we survived !
we'll check .
we'll dance .
we'll drive .
we'll fight .
we'll hurry .
we'll share .
we'll shoot .
we'll stand .
we'll start .
we're alone .
we're angry .
we're armed .
we're bored .
we're broke .
we're dying .
we're early .
we're going .
we're happy .
we're ready .
we're saved .
we're smart .
we're sorry .
we're stuck .
we're tired .
we're twins .
what's that ?
what's this ?
who's going ?
who's there ?
work slowly .
you cheated .
you fainted .
you're back .
you're cool .
you're fair .
you're fine .
you're free .
you're good .
you're kind .
you're lazy .
you're lost .
you're nice .
you're nuts !
you're rich .
you're rude .
you're safe .
you're sick !
you're thin .
you're weak .
abandon ship !
anybody here ?
anybody home ?
anybody hurt ?
anything new ?
be attentive .
be confident .
come quickly !
don't bother .
don't forget .
don't litter !
don't ramble .
don't resist .
drive safely .
ghosts exist .
have another .
he's english .
he's married .
how annoying !
how horrible !
how romantic !
i apologized .
i improvised .
i sympathize .
i understand .
i understood .
i'll explain .
i'm addicted .
i'm bleeding .
i'm confused .
i'm creative .
i'm cultured .
i'm divorced .
i'm drowning .
i'm eighteen .
i'm faithful .
i'm famished .
i'm fearless .
i'm fighting .
i'm finished .
i'm freezing .
i'm grounded .
i'm gullible .
i'm homesick .
i'm hungover .
i'm innocent .
i'm involved .
i'm managing .
i'm offended .
i'm outraged .
i'm powerful .
i'm prepared .
i'm punctual .
i'm rational .
i'm reformed .
i'm reliable .
i'm restless .
i'm ruthless .
i'm shooting .
i'm sleeping .
i'm speaking .
i'm starving !
i'm stubborn .
i'm thinking .
i'm thorough .
i'm thrilled .
i'm ticklish .
i'm truthful .
i'm unbiased .
i'm upstairs .
i've checked .
i've decided .
i've retired .
it'll happen .
it's awesome .
it's bedtime .
it's complex .
it's garbage .
it's hideous .
it's missing .
it's morning .
it's nothing .
it's obvious .
it's perfect .
it's serious .
it's snowing .
it's started .
it's suicide .
keep driving .
keep looking .
keep reading .
keep running .
keep working .
ladies first .
let's bounce .
let's listen .
look closely .
nobody asked .
nobody knows .
please hurry .
please leave .
please relax .
please smile .
she shrieked .
someone came .
stop arguing .
stop filming .
stop gawking .
stop reading .
stop smoking .
stop staring .
stop talking .
stop yelling !
sweet dreams !
that's clear .
that's crazy .
that's funny .
that's great !
that's right !
that's weird .
they approve .
they crashed .
they escaped .
they laughed .
they refused .
they relaxed .
they sweated .
they'll grow .
they're back .
they're boys .
they're cold .
they're cool .
they're cops .
they're cute .
they're dead .
they're done .
they're free .
they're gone .
they're here .
they're mine .
they're rich .
they're weak .
tom finished .
tom listened .
tom shrugged .
tom stutters .
tom's afraid .
tom's asleep .
tom's coming .
tom's eating .
tom's famous .
tom's guilty .
we apologize .
we overslept .
we succeeded !
we surrender .
we'll attack .
we'll attend .
we'll decide .
we'll follow .
we'll manage .
we'll starve .
we're adults .
we're biased .
we're buying .
we're closed .
we're coming .
we're dating .
we're doomed .
we're hiding .
we're inside .
we're joking .
we're losing .
we're moving .
we're normal .
we're paying .
we're pooped .
we're ruined .
we're shaken .
we're sneaky .
we're strong .
we're trying .
welcome back .
welcome home .
what's wrong ?
who vanished ?
who's coming ?
who's hungry ?
years passed .
you promised .
you're bossy .
you're crazy .
you're cruel .
you're early .
you're fired .
you're first .
you're funny .
you're fussy .
you're gross !
you're lying !
you're moody .
you're naive .
you're quiet .
you're right .
you're silly .
you're stuck .
you're tough .
you're upset .
you're weird .
you're wrong .
you're young .
you've tried .
any questions ?
anything else ?
be respectful .
call security !
don't despair .
eat something .
everyone dies .
everyone wins .
he's addicted .
he's adorable .
he's annoying .
he's demented .
he's innocent .
he's insecure .
he's outraged .
he's ruthless .
he's studying .
help yourself .
how beautiful !
how thrilling !
i contributed .
i exaggerated .
i rescheduled .
i volunteered .
i'm adaptable .
i'm ambitious .
i'm attentive .
i'm available .
i'm beautiful .
i'm concerned .
i'm confident .
i'm contented .
i'm convinced .
i'm depressed .
i'm desperate .
i'm different .
i'm disgusted .
i'm easygoing .
i'm exhausted .
i'm forgetful .
i'm impatient .
i'm important .
i'm impressed .
i'm impulsive .
i'm intrigued .
i'm listening .
i'm motivated .
i'm observant .
i'm plastered .
i'm powerless .
i'm realistic .
i'm resentful .
i'm resilient .
i'm satisfied .
i'm sensitive .
i'm surprised .
i'm surviving .
i'm terrified .
i'm uninsured .
i'm unmarried .
i've finished .
it's adorable .
it's business .
it's exciting .
it's gorgeous .
it's instinct .
it's midnight .
it's obsolete .
it's occupied .
it's outdated .
it's pathetic .
it's personal .
it's stealing .
it's suicidal .
it's terrible .
it's unlikely .
it's unlocked .
it's upstairs .
learn italian .
nobody's busy .
quit gambling .
save yourself .
she overslept .
she's awesome .
she's dieting .
show yourself .
speak clearly .
speak quietly .
start running .
start writing .
stay positive .
stay together .
stop frowning .
stop shooting .
stop worrying .
straighten up .
stuff happens .
suit yourself .
thanks anyway .
that's clever .
that's enough .
that's lovely .
that's normal .
that's simple .
that's stupid .
that's unfair .
that's untrue .
they canceled .
they embraced .
they're asian .
they're alive .
they're angry .
they're armed .
they're awake .
they're brave .
they're broke .
they're clean .
they're crazy .
they're drunk .
they're dying .
they're early .
they're happy .
they're lying .
they're small .
they're spies .
they're there .
they're tired .
they're wrong .
tom disagreed .
tom hesitated .
tom overslept .
tom's adopted .
tom's arrived .
tom's cooking .
tom's excited .
tom's healthy .
tom's helping .
tom's married .
tom's unarmed .
tom's violent .
tom's working .
tom's wounded .
watch closely .
we understand .
we'll explain .
we'll rebuild .
we'll respond .
we'll succeed .
we'll survive .
we're anxious .
we're ashamed .
we're baffled .
we're careful .
we're certain .
we're cousins .
we're dancing .
we're dieting .
we're engaged .
we're fasting .
we're friends .
we're jealous .
we're kidding .
we're married .
we're reading .
we're relaxed .
we're serious .
we're shocked .
we're sincere .
we're sinking .
we're sloshed .
we're smashed .
we're special .
we're stalled .
we're starved .
we're staying .
we're stuffed .
we're stunned .
we're through .
we're touched .
we're trapped !
we're unhappy .
we're unlucky .
we're useless .
we're waiting .
we're wealthy .
we're winners .
we're winning .
we're working .
we're worried .
we've arrived .
what happened ?
who's dieting ?
who's winning ?
you're biased .
you're boring .
you're bright .
you're clever .
you're crafty .
you're creepy .
you're famous .
you're greedy .
you're grumpy .
you're insane .
you're joking !
you're loaded .
you're losing .
you're pretty .
you're single .
you're skinny .
you're sleepy .
you're sneaky .
you're stupid .
you're unfair .
you've failed .
dinner's ready .
don't complain .
eat everything .
everybody left .
everybody lies .
everyone gasps .
good afternoon .
happy birthday !
he surrendered .
he's depressed .
he's henpecked .
hello everyone !
i'll apologize .
i'll cooperate .
i'm astonished .
i'm contagious .
i'm dehydrated .
i'm dependable .
i'm devastated .
i'm downstairs .
i'm exercising .
i'm farsighted .
i'm fascinated .
i'm illiterate .
i'm interested .
i'm meditating .
i'm methodical .
i'm optimistic .
i'm prejudiced .
i'm reasonable .
i'm remodeling .
i'm successful .
i'm undressing .
i'm unemployed .
i'm untalented .
i'm vegetarian .
i've forgotten .
i've remarried .
it's christmas .
it's wednesday .
it's beautiful .
it's dangerous !
it's different .
it's dishonest .
it's forbidden .
it's important .
it's inspiring .
it's redundant .
it's revolting .
it's undamaged .
it's vibrating .
keep searching .
let's continue .
she's adorable .
she's demented .
she's divorced .
she's innocent .
she's pregnant .
smoking stinks .
someone called .
stop grumbling .
stop resisting !
stop screaming .
that's alright .
that's amazing !
that's chicken .
that's correct .
that's evident .
that's foolish .
that's logical .
that's perfect .
that's rubbish .
that's strange .
they quarreled .
they struggled .
they're asleep .
they're babies .
they're boring .
they're coming .
they're idiots .
they're inside .
they're strong .
tom apologized .
tom's diabetic .
tom's dreaming .
tom's drowning .
tom's innocent .
tom's sweating .
tom's upstairs .
watch yourself .
we surrendered .
we volunteered .
we'll continue .
we're brothers .
we're confused .
we're divorced .
we're escaping .
we're fighting .
we're finished .
we're freezing .
we're grateful .
we're helpless .
we're managing .
we're obedient .
we're partners .
we're powerful .
we're prepared .
we're punctual .
we're quitting .
we're reliable .
we're retiring .
we're ruthless .
we're standing .
we're starving .
we're stubborn .
we're students .
we've finished .
who's watching ?
you're amazing .
you're amusing .
you're awesome .
you're callous .
you're careful .
you're correct .
you're elusive .
you're finicky .
you're foolish .
you're invited .
you're jealous .
you're kidding !
you're precise .
you're psyched .
you're psychic .
you're selfish .
you're sloshed .
you're smashed .
you're through .
you're useless .
you're welcome .
you're winning .
behave yourself .
don't apologize .
don't interfere .
don't interrupt .
drink something .
drive carefully .
everyone agreed .
everyone dreams .
everyone prayed .
everyone smiled .
everyone waited .
everyone's dead .
everyone's fine .
he's photogenic .
how interesting !
hypnotism works .
i misunderstood .
i'm azerbaijani .
i'm adventurous .
i'm celebrating .
i'm comfortable .
i'm cooperating .
i'm embarrassed .
i'm hardworking .
i'm heartbroken .
i'm interfering .
i'm introverted .
i'm nearsighted .
i'm persevering .
i'm replaceable .
i'm resourceful .
i'm spontaneous .
i'm sympathetic .
i'm trustworthy .
i'm unambitious .
i'm unconvinced .
it's acceptable .
it's artificial .
it's impossible .
it's improbable .
it's inadequate .
it's incredible !
it's inevitable .
it's irrelevant .
it's misleading .
it's refreshing .
it's ridiculous .
it's sufficient .
it's terrifying .
let's improvise .
let's negotiate .
merry christmas !
nobody answered .
please continue .
she disappeared .
she's assertive .
she's depressed .
stop squabbling .
stop whimpering .
that's cheating .
that's doubtful .
that's nonsense .
that's peculiar .
that's terrible .
they're amazing .
they're animals .
they're arguing .
they're cousins .
they're dancing .
they're doctors .
they're jittery .
they're leaving .
they're outside .
they're similar .
they're smiling .
they're special .
they're staying .
they're talking .
they're useless .
tom contributed .
tom disappeared .
tom exaggerates .
tom volunteered .
tom's different .
tom's important .
watch carefully .
we'll cooperate .
we're canadians .
we're adaptable .
we're ambitious .
we're available .
we're comedians .
we're committed .
we're confident .
we're contented .
we're dedicated .
we're depressed .
we're different .
we're flattered .
we're gardeners .
we're gentlemen .
we're listening .
we're newcomers .
we're newlyweds .
we're plastered .
we're powerless .
we're prisoners .
we're realistic .
we're resigning .
we're resilient .
we're satisfied .
we're sensitive .
we're separated .
we're surprised .
we're surviving .
we're survivors .
we're uninsured .
we're unrelated .
who volunteered ?
who's screaming ?
write something .
you're adorable .
you're annoying .
you're arrogant .
you're blushing .
you're careless .
you're charming .
you're cheating .
you're confused .
you're creative .
you're demented .
you're disloyal .
you're faithful .
you're fearless .
you're forgiven .
you're grounded .
you're horrible .
you're mistaken .
you're outgoing .
you're pathetic .
you're powerful .
you're punctual .
you're reliable .
you're restless .
you're ruthless .
you're stalling .
you're stubborn .
you're talented .
accidents happen .
attention please !
choose carefully .
choose something .
come immediately .
continue digging .
continue working .
control yourself !
enjoy yourselves .
everybody groans .
everybody's dead .
everybody's here .
everybody's home .
everybody's safe .
everyone changes .
everyone cheered .
everyone laughed .
everyone noticed .
everyone's lying .
everyone's there .
goodnight ladies .
he'll understand .
he's intelligent .
he's unconscious .
how embarrassing !
i'll demonstrate .
i'm ambidextrous .
i'm disappointed .
i'm dissatisfied .
i'm homeschooled .
i'm housesitting .
i'm overreacting .
i'm volunteering .
it's complicated .
it's conceivable .
it's frightening .
it's interesting .
it's regrettable .
it's transparent .
it's unnecessary .
let's compromise .
listen carefully .
nobody remembers .
nobody's perfect .
nothing happened .
prepare yourself .
quit complaining .
somebody laughed .
someone screamed .
someone's coming .
that's avoidable .
that's brilliant !
that's fantastic .
that's hilarious .
that's important .
that's ludicrous .
that's troubling .
that's upsetting .
they disappeared .
they're stalling .
they're students .
they're traitors .
tom's distracted .
watch yourselves .
we're astonished .
we're classmates .
we're downsizing .
we're lifeguards .
we're meditating .
we're prejudiced .
we're speechless .
we're successful .
we're surrounded .
we're undressing .
we're unemployed .
we're untalented .
what's happening ?
where's everyone ?
you're ambitious .
you're assertive .
you're beautiful .
you're conceited .
you're courteous .
you're exhausted .
you're forgetful .
you're fortunate .
you're impatient .
you're obnoxious .
you're observant .
you're powerless .
you're resilient .
you're shivering .
you're talkative .
you're unethical .
you're wonderful .
everybody cheered .
everybody's happy .
everybody's tired .
everyone screamed .
everyone's asleep .
everyone's eating .
everything's fine .
exercise outdoors .
i'm concentrating .
i'm flabbergasted .
i'm irreplaceable .
i'm uncomfortable .
it's embarrassing .
it's unauthorized .
it's unbelievable .
leave immediately !
let's concentrate .
nothing's working .
please reconsider .
she's fashionable .
she's hyperactive .
somebody answered .
somebody's coming .
someone's outside .
someone's talking .
that's acceptable .
that's classified .
that's disgusting .
that's impossible .
that's impressive .
that's ridiculous !
that's sufficient .
that's terrifying .
they're cannibals .
they're dangerous .
they're different .
they're expensive .
they're surprised .
they're undamaged .
tom's suffocating .
we're celebrating .
we're cooperating .
we're defenseless .
we're experienced .
we're interfering .
we're journalists .
we're persevering .
we're resourceful .
we're trustworthy .
where's everybody ?
you're aggressive .
you're articulate .
you're courageous .
you're disgusting .
you're incredible .
you're overworked .
you're productive .
you're remarkable .
you're surrounded .
everybody's crying .
everyone's reading .
everyone's shocked .
everything matters .
everything's ready .
happy thanksgiving !
he's overconfident .
i'm claustrophobic .
i'm unenthusiastic .
it's disconcerting .
it's heartbreaking .
it's unforgettable .
nobody understands .
something happened .
that's interesting .
that's unimportant .
they're christians .
they're carnations .
they're disposable .
they're downstairs .
we're conservative .
we're contributing .
we're disappointed .
we're honeymooning .
we're housesitting .
we're overreacting .
we're unprejudiced .
we're volunteering .
who's volunteering ?
you're considerate .
you're cooperating .
you're extroverted .
you're fascinating .
you're fashionable .
you're influential .
you're replaceable .
you're resourceful .
you're trustworthy .
you're unambitious .
everybody applauded .
everyone's relieved .
everyone's standing .
everyone's watching .
something's missing .
that's embarrassing .
that's preposterous .
we're conscientious .
you're cantankerous .
you're incorrigible .
you're irresistible .
you're overreacting .
that's pseudoscience .
we're claustrophobic .
you're conscientious .
you're opportunistic .
you're overconfident .
you're overemotional .
you're temperamental .
you're unforgettable .
you've misunderstood .
go .
run !
wow !
fire !
help !
jump .
stop !
wait !
attack !
cheers !
listen .
really ?
thanks .
awesome !
goodbye !
perfect !
terrific !
fantastic !
seriously ?
wonderful !
unbelievable !
congratulations !
